
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Myrinnia considered herself to be a fairly ordinary looking girl, but most would disagree upon seeing her waist length golden blonde hair and her crystal blue eyes that shimmered like the ocean. But regardless of what others said, Myrinnia considered herself to be a fairly ordinary looking girl. At this moment she was staring at herself in a mirror, trying to decide between a coral pink t-shirt and a rose pink t-shirt, wondering which would look better with her white denim shorts. After settling on a shirt (and spending an hour on her makeup and accessories), Myrinnia found herself marching down the stairs (sounding like an elephant in the process, not that it mattered as she lived alone, her parents having died in a car accident when she was six) and out the front door to check the mailbox. Usually this was a fruitless endeavor, but Myrinnia liked routine. And today she found it was not fruitless, not to say there was fruit in the mailbox, like a pineapple or something. I'm just saying that there was something in the mailbox. And that thing was not a fruit, it was a letter. Because that is what is usually found in mailboxes. Even if you ordered some fruit in the mail it would probably show up in a cardboard box, so you wouldn't know it was fruit immediately upon opening the mailbox. Besides the box of fruit would probably not fit in the mailbox. Anyway, there was a letter in the mailbox, not fruit.</p>
<p>The letter, (not fruit) revealed itself to be an invitation to some place called Hogwerts. We, the readers (Well I suppose it would be you, the reader as I am not reading this, I am writing it) of course know what this is. But this mysterious letter was a complete and utterly mysterious mystery to our protagonist. Carefully ripping the letter open in an attempt to not damage the envelope too much, (and utterly failing at that goal) Myrinnia pulled a piece of parchment out of the envelope and began to read. This Hogwerts place, as it turned out was a school for wizards. At this point Myrinnia found herself stumbling for a bit, grabbing onto the mailbox to keep from falling. She was a wizard. Or a witch. But to be honest wizard sounded way cooler. Myrinnia ended up unable to contain herself from cheering. She was a wizard. She'd always thought she was a muggle, but she was a wizard. She was a wizard, she was going to Hogwerts! She'd always wanted to go there, and now that dream was a reality.</p>
<p>Myrinnia bolted back inside the house and slammed the letter onto the dining room table, practically jumping up and down in excitement. Her parents, who had been wondering what all the noise was about found their eleven year old daughter in the dining room with the biggest grin on her face. "What did you do this time?" jokingly asked her father. He was not prepared to be answered by Myrinnia screaming at the top of her lungs. "I'M A WIZARD AND I GET TO GO TO HOGWERTS, MY INVITATION SHOWED UP IN THE MAIL TODAY AND THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!" She then proudly shoved the letter in her father's face. "It's too early in the morning for this." said her father. "Sit down, and say that again slowly." Myrinnia plopped down in a chair and shouted again (this time slightly quieter) "I'm a wizard and I get to go to Hogwerts, my invitation showed up in the mail today and this is the best day of my life!" Myrinnia's parents glanced at each other, slowly nodding in agreement. They sat down next to their daughter and proceeded to explain that she was a wizard, and not a muggle like she originally thought.</p>
  </div>
  