
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Asgard was her home. It was there were they had met. It might have once been an arranged marriage. But love had quickly blossomed. And she had been so very happy. She had enjoyed the youthful Hela; the love between them had been real and strong. Thanos and Surtur had obliterated her planet. Hela could not return; so she had departed. The loss still burnt deep inside her soul when the Beast attacked. The Beast was an Ancient One. Originally named Eclipso, he had bonded with a number of powerful beings to become the Beast. His last action was to separate Kobi the Conqueror from the Amazon. And absorb Kobi into himself. Now she lived on Vangard; a planet that she had created through magic. The Beast had laid waste to the Fifth Dimensional World; a separate universe that allowed access to countless others. Many of those universes were gone, never to return. She had helped in bringing him down. She and the Fallen were all that remained. Here on Vangard, she stroked them. Aphrodite spread herself open for her fingers. The blonde’s eyes rolled back as her moans reached shrieking levels. Hestia and Idunn reacted the same way. The Asgardians had fled. Her darling Hela would not return. Her three lovers kept her company. Fire the colour of molten gold burned tender skin. Idunn squealed, wiggling her burned posterior into orgasmic delight. “My three good girls like to be spanked, don’t you? Such soft skin and vulnerable soles!” Hestia howled as her nails gently caress those tender soles. “You are having fun!” She looked around before realising the source was telepathic. “Who calls me?” “I have a spell that with your help can even the score. The score with Od!” Od...the Olympian God Zeus...who she married for peace. “Speak and we shall see!”</p><p>Alive. She was alive. She stared at herself in the mirror. This was not her original tiny brunette form. Her new body was taller. She estimated that she was just under 4 cubits in height. She felt hair tickling her exposed rear. She stared at herself, the new brown eyes staring back at her. The long blonde hair was frizzy, a few curls obstructed her vision briefly. She moved them aside as she looked around the room. It was reasonable sized, modern? What year was it and where was she? A memory entered her mind. She recalled collapsing. She looked at her hands, the fingers were long; the nails were Crimson Red. She took a step and memories flooded back to her. She backed away, dazed and bumped against a bed. A photo flew out. She waved her hands, making air push against the object. She grabbed the photo, staring at it.</p><p>"Parents!" she noted. They were her parents. Or rather her old self's parents? She wasn't Callisto. Not anymore. Now she was Karen Starr. She was code-named Powergirl by the Government she once served. But they believed her to be dead. And Karen was dead. Except she wasn't. She was Callisto and Karen. Their memories intertwined, make her a fusion. Except she already was a fusion. Karen was the daughter of Mala Nim-El, a Daxamite-Kryptonian hybrid with super-speed and Jessica Cruz, a Blue Lantern 'meta-human' with the power to manipulate dark matter. Except she was and wasn't their daughter. Karen was born during when Jessica used her blue and green lantern rings and her dark matter manipulation abilities to heal an injured Mala Nim-El. The result caused them both to merge as a single powerful infant. But one with several significant weaknesses to complement her powers. Karen had succumb to energy loss following a battle with a White Martian pack known as the Hyper-clan. Now she, a hybrid of the late nymph Callisto and the late Powergirl, was in control.</p><p>The Hyperclan members were deceased and no revenge was needed against them. That just left Zeus. Wretched, worthless Zeus who had seduced Callisto in the form of darling Artemis. Princess Artemis of Olympus was the Goddess of the Olympian Moon, the Hunt and the Wilderness of Nature. Karen seemed to have knowledge of the great Fourth World/Fifth Dimensional Planet of Olympus. And it seemed that Zeus was continuing his usual escapades of seduction. Since Karen was considered to have died by her Government; she was free to pursue vengeance. She decided she needed a new name. She clicked her fingers, delighted that Callisto's magic was still inside her. Her new name would be Heidi 'Hudson' Leick. She felt a sharp sting in her left side. She understood that her body needed immediate recharge. She looked around, spotting a large machine, resembling a suntan-bed. She climbed in, relaxing against the plush cushions underneath. The door began to close as memories flickered again. This was her energy chamber that she needed to recharge her body and the two Lantern Rings that were permanently part of her body. If she ran out of energy, then like Karen, she would die.</p><p>Staring at Hudson from his mirror as her eyes closed; he grinned his most malevolent smile. Sure doing this and providing her with the information she needed to extract revenge had killed him. But it hardly mattered at all. He was about to get his long awaited revenge on that womanising bastard Zeus. It had taken over 2,500 years. He had watched so many fall to his wicked charms and disposed off or left to their face when his lust was sated. But now as he rested in the World Beyond; he would have a front row seat to the end of Zeus, King of Olympus, once and for all!</p>
  </div>
  