
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>So the heroes lived and died as playthings of the gods. The greater the hero, the greater his suffering. Heracles Black was tormented by fits of madness that led him to kill his own children, all but one, who escaped and carried on the Black family name and line.  The affliction that affected Heracles became known as the Black madness, and was passed between each generation of Blacks. Regulas Black, The Pruitt brothers, the entire Mckennon line, and countless others died young in wartime agony; those who survived The First War lost sons and brothers, and returned to find families torn apart. Generation after generation, the curses afflicting the noble houses of the sacred 28 and the wizarding society at large created men with monstrous minds weaving evil schemes against their own kind. Banishment from pureblood home and family, hard travel, uncertainty, curse scars, lacerations from darker spells and cursed blades, the breakdown of the mind under the cruciatius curse, and the frequent prospect of imminent death of an Avada Kadavra at wand point – these not just their wizard or muggle opponents, are the obstacles that heroes face and strive to overcome. Heroes must be better than themselves, and prevail against the most powerful and supernatural forces the gods hurl against them. Many do not return. In truth life is a veil of tears. Those who cannot overcome it fall victim to such a veil, as did befall the last heir to the Blacks, Serius Orion Black.  </p><p>Why should it be like this? Why are we born, only to suffer and die? All things are the god’s doing, and this is no exception. When Albus Prometheus Brian Dumbledore ensured the survival and continuation of the human race by stealing magic from heaven, creating a new race of humans, thus dividing the world in what we know today as muggles and wizards.  He knew the consequences, but he choice to act for what he believed was for the greater good of all humanity. He was a Titan, one of the old gods. He knew that his wizards, the Order of the Phoenix he called them, would be punished and tormented no less savagely than him, but still he saw this as the preferable course of action. He knew the obstacles and difficulties the gods would place in the way of wizard life – but he also knew that was only in magic and the power to overcome the obstacles before them, that his Order of Phoenix, his wizards could purge the darkness from their souls and perhaps emerge as heroes. </p><p>Salazar Zeus Slytherin for his part, did his best to bury and embroil us in so many woes hoping to make wizards forget their potential as human beings and live their lives at the level of dumb beasts, looking only to the gods, not to ourselves, for salvation. And he found an exceptionally economical way to go about this.  He didn’t want to spend his time constantly inventing new woes for humans –  dragon pox disease one week, famine the next, and so on. He found a single instrument that would do it all at once, and he made it so that far from trying to avoid their undoing, men would actively seek to embrace it. He created a stigma of Blood Purity. Salazar Slytherin spread the believe that magic should be kept between all magic families in other words purebloods.  Crafting an elite amongst the wizards the Sacred 28, any who ventured outside of this circle, to create families with muggle humans would be scorned and banished from their families, their offspring called half-bloods. After generations of incest causing birth defects madness and eventually squibs, non-magical children born of magical families, it would cause disarray and chaos. Squibs would be sent out into the Muggle world intermingling with non-magic humans, which in turns caused the phenomenon of Muggleborns, witches and wizards born with no apparent magical ancestry. Slytherin unable to sway the Titans decided to leave Hogwarts. Leaving behind a chamber that is told to be the home of a monster. The heir alone can open that chamber to release the monster within and purge the school of who Slytherin viewed should be unable to study magic, Muggleborns. The blood prejudice would destroy Dumbledore’s precious wizards making them fight amongst themselves until there were no more magical humans left. Slytherin laughed out loud, as he watched from the Heavens as his Heir continued his noble work becoming the most feared Dark Lord of all time, bringing war and destruction in his wake, an anti-hero.<br/>
Slytherin rallied the other gods on the board of governors and punished Dumbledore for his meddling, he was taken to Ascaban prison where he a Hippogriff repeatedly ate his insides only to be healed to have it happen again and again. Although Dumbledore’s sacrifice may not have been for the greater good, the members of his Order of the Phoenix never forget his famous words “However,' said Dumbledore, speaking very slowly and clearly so that none of his precious Order could miss a word, 'you will find that I will only truly have left Hogwarts when none here are loyal to me. You will also find that help will be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.”<br/>
Slytherin might have released blood prejudice and strife onto the wizards of Hogwarts but, he could not obliviate Hope from the world. For help is always given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.</p>
  </div>
  