
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>For as long as anybody could care to remember, Charlie Weasley had always been a steadfast bachelor – much to the dismay of his mother, Molly Weasley, and her desire for grandchildren. Sure, his current job as a dragon tamer, did little to provide him with opportunities when it came to meeting and dating the fairer sex – but he’d always gotten by quite well regardless. For the last few years though, he had been on a bit of a self imposed celibacy kick. Nothing was wrong with him per say; he was handsome, even as the number of scars marring his body kept growing. His countenance was as pleasant as ever, even after losing a most beloved little brother. He’d even warmed up to the idea of spending the rest of his life with someone special. But alas, Charlie had a very unfortunate sort of problem, something he couldn’t really tell anyone.<br/>
He was in love with his younger brother’s girlfriend.</p>
<p>Now, he wasn’t entirely sure if it had been a gradual sort of thing - or if on that fateful christmas morning, he had suddenly fallen head over heels for Her. What he was sure of however, without any sliver of a doubt, were the flames of passion burning inside his heart. Reminiscent in intensity to the flames of a Hungarian Horntail, the blaze was exclusively reserved for HER. It has now been three years since that pivotal day, with no signs of relief. No matter what he tried, nothing seemed to work; He’d attempted dating other witches, he’d avoided seeing Her and thinking about Her, he’d even tried to research a cure for love – but it seemed no one had yet to come up with an effective spell or potion. So after a year of trying and failing – and moaning Her name, in the throws of passion with someone else, one too many times –  he started to drown himself in work. His job with his beloved dragons proved to be his only respite. At least, it made it so that most nights he was too tired to do anything, but fall asleep. A small repreve to the constant anguish. It would all fall through however, as soon as he’d finally be forced to visit the Burrow again. He’d even contemplated stopping his visits altogether, but had come to the conclusion that it wouldn’t be fair to his mother, who already had to make do with seeing her second-born son only a few times a year – Or at least that was what he told himself.</p>
<p>Every family function was its own special sort of hell, as his brother’s girlfriend was sure to attend – A unique concoction of euphoria and utter despair. All the progress in trying to forget, would inevitably go down the drain, the moment he laid eyes on Her again. He couldn’t resist talking to Her, trying to make Her laugh and seeing Her smile. Additionally, in the last few years, they had developed a habit of staying awake after everyone else had gone to sleep, drinking firewhiskey and talking about life. It did little to quell his emotions - but he wasn’t really in a position to stop himself. He was as likely to jump into a pit of lava, than avoid the witch of his dreams after he finally had Her company again. </p>
<p>With all of this, came a hefty price. In exchange for those small moments of perfect bliss, he also had to watch his brother and his girlfriend, show each other those small tokens of affection reserved to couples - kisses on the forehead, hugs, small touches here and there. He thanked Merlin they weren't big on larger public shows of affection. If they’d been inclined to kissing in public, he’d have been likely to either gauge his own eyes out or never return to the Burrow again. What he truly dreaded most in life - was the day his brother would finally propose and he’d have to watch them marry. He’d wake up, from time to time, to nightmares where he had to do just that. The nightmares always started with him first standing at the end of a wedding aisle, as the groom, waiting for Her to come down. As he watched Her approach, he’d spot himself in the audience and suddenly his perspective would shift. The perspective switch made it so that he was now forced to watch his brother marry Her, unable to stop the proceedings in any way. He’d more than once awoken drenched in cold sweat, in a state of panic. He’d taken up dousing himself with a sleeping drought every time he spent the night at the Burrow, so as to avoid a situation where he’d have to explain his nightmares.</p>
<p>Despite his struggles, Charlie Weasley was, is and always will be, a man of honor. He might be in love, but that didn’t make him the sort of bloke that would try to seduce his brothers girl. So now, he was stuck. Stuck between his ever growing feelings, and not being able to act upon them. Gryffindors, in general, are not known for their patience or their willingness to not act. Half of what might be attributed to bravery, stemmed from the inability to sit still. But Charlie Weasley had proven almost superhuman in that regard. No matter that he’d had to endure an absurd number of fantasies relating to Her. He always acted as the conscientious elder brother. Not one toe out of line.</p>
<p>Nonetheless, this all made him feel positively pathetic.</p>
  </div>
  