
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Albus Dumbledore would one day be the greatest wizard of all time, a steadfast champion of Wizards and Muggles alike, a beacon of hope for generations. But that wouldn’t be for years to come.<br/>At this moment, eighteen years old and newly graduated from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, young Albus was sullen, withdrawn and completely inconsolable. His last year in school had been crowned with glory, recognition and offers to experience all the magical world had to offer. The day he had absolved, had been one of the greatest in his short but vast memory. So much promise laid out before him, so many eyes looking to see what he would do with his future.<br/>All of his selfish schoolboy dreams had come crashing down in one single day. One unimaginable and violent accident had robbed the glimmer from Dumbledore’s eyes and left in its wake what was little more than an Inferi, a mindless body that existed only at the bidding of others.<br/>On the morning in question, young Albus was sullenly trudging from his family’s modest estate into Godric’s Hollow. A literal dark cloud followed above him, keeping pace with his laborious steps.<br/>He could have apparated, he knew full well. He’d received top marks on his exams, but it was too dangerous. If Muggles caught a glimpse of a tall, auburn-locked lad popping into existence in some alleyway, the ministry would be charging him with violation of the magical Statute of Secrecy before you could say Flibbertygibbit. So, it was too dangerous to apparate, too dangerous to practice spells in daylight, too dangerous to read magical texts in the glen under the willow, too dangerous to be a Dumbledore in this forsaken town.<br/>These were the thoughts that darkened young Albus’ mind that clear, sunny morning, inadvertently causing the cloud above him to rumble. He paused on the edge of Godric’s Hollow, just behind the cemetery, and muttered under his breath: Finite Incantatem. If it was too dangerous to even read a book, it would certainly not do to trot into town with a singular cloud raining down on his head.<br/>As he uttered the words, Albus felt a deep longing. Using that simple, insignificant spell was like having an entire treacle tart and only eating a crumb. The vast potential of his magic gaped before him, beckoning seductively, but he was forced to abstain. Albus struggled with the frustration, if he lost control of his true anger for even a second, he could easily destroy the entire town and everyone in it. He knew too well what uncontrolled magic could do.<br/>Determined not to linger in town too long, Albus quickened his steps down the main street. He was a handsome, if bookish lad, and the townsfolk nodded friendly greetings. Though complete strangers, Albus could instantly tell which were the wizards and which the Muggles. The Muggles were welcoming, open, even tried to engage him in conversation. Wizards would give a quick nod and be about their way, terrified that even a lingering look could give them away. Young Dumbledore’s resentment grew every time he caught a glimpse of that fear.<br/>It blossomed tenfold when he stopped outside the Hollow’s Inn, the town’s only establishment of the sort. His skin began to prickle as he ducked his tall frame through the door. The atmosphere inside was light and warm as candles burned and locals exchanged tales and laughed over a pint. Dumbledore took no notice of them and headed straight for the bar. Arturius Chisler, the Inn’s stocky owner stood behind the bar giving the impression of cleaning a glass that was already sparkling. He barely lifted his eyes when the boy walked in and nodded Albus into the back room. With a quick look around, Dumbledore ducked under the curtain and stepped through. He felt the magic ripple around him, rushing across his skin and causing goosepimples. Arturius, an accomplished wizard, had enchanted the curtain. Any Muggle who stepped through would only see a dull back room, piled with empty barrels and crates of vegetables and beer bottles. Dumbledore saw something else entirely.<br/>The shop was a decent size. Nothing like Flourish and Blotts or even the Magical shop in Hogsmeade, but sizable enough to accommodate his mild needs. Potions had been one of his favorite subjects in school, he’d even invented a Draught For Momentary Befuddlement, which had earned him top marks in seventh year. But there was no room for invention or imagination within the meager supply of herbs available here. The tight band of resentment cinched harder around his chest. He steadied his breath and walked to the counter where an old house elf stared up at him with her huge eyes.<br/>“Young Master Dumbledore,” she squeaked. “Come for your remedies?”<br/>“And a few others,” he mumbled. His voice had once boomed across halls, calling students to attention as Head Boy, or even giving a handful of lectures in his final years at Hogwarts. Now he found no reason to speak above a whisper. How had everything become so turned around?<br/>Albus gave the old elf his list and waited patiently as she called the ingredients to her and began sorting them out on the scales.<br/>It was as the elf weighed out a small bundle of wolfsbane that he felt his hair stand on end. His hand instinctively reached for the wand tucked into his breast pocket and gripped its oak handle tightly. The phoenix feather thrummed inside it with anticipation.<br/>That he was being watched was a certainty, but Dumbledore could sense no malice in the stare. He turned slowly, casually, as though bored with the house elf’s work. He stretched a little, craning his long neck this way and that. He saw no one but a flash of gold disappearing behind some shelves. Leaving the elf to her measuring and counting, Albus wandered down the aisle, carefully keeping his eyes on the shelves as though browsing the selection. Every hair on his body was standing on end. As he came around the corner another flash of gold disappeared. This time he gave up all pretense and his long legs covered the aisle in three steps. As he was about to turn the corner again, a row of vials to his left shattered and sprayed glass in all directions.<br/>Dumbledore flinched from the shards and saw the tip of a wand duck behind the shelves. By the time he’d reached the end of the aisle again and turned the corner, all he caught was the flap of the curtain and another flash of gold. Compelled, he walked toward the archway.<br/>“Your things, young master,” the elf squeaked at him. Dumbledore stood, torn, but decided it would not do to arrive home without Ariana’s medicine. He’d never hear the end of it. He reluctantly paid the house elf and gave her a polite nod as she bowed repeatedly before him squeaking compliments. He tucked the items in his pocket, out of sight, and stepped through the curtain.<br/>Once back out on the main street, Albus searched his surrounding for anyone with bright gold hair but found only a handful of dishwater blondes. Who had been following him? Who would possibly care to follow him now that he was an aimless, futureless, failure? The excitement of the moment faded. It could have simply been a young witch thinking him handsome. A voice in his mind denied this, but he silenced it. There simply wasn’t anything that interesting about Albus Dumbledore anymore. It had been paranoia, nothing more. A small flickering light that had taken root in his chest, died. The monotony and routine sank back in, heavy on Albus’ shoulders. His steps dragged him out of town past the cemetery</p>
  </div>
  