
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>*beep beep beep beep beep beep!* “ugh hello?” Said a man with a rough voice. “Cap, were you sleeping?” Said a voice through the phone that ‘Cap’ had answered. “Tony, what can I help you with? Is there a case?” “Why else would I be calling you Steven” Said the man identified as Tony. “Now get ready and meet us at headquarters.” “I'm on my way and Tony……don't call me Steven, it's Steve okay.” said Steve right before he hung up his phone.</p>
<p>Steve fell back on his bed and ran his fingers through his hair before he decided that he needed to get dressed and head out. As he got ready he couldn't help but think about what this case could be. Ever since he discovered that his best friend Bucky was the winter solider, he's been trying to find him. He knew that it was going to be hard to find him since Bucky didn't want to be found, but with the help of Sam (the falcon) and Natasha (black widow) he knew they were going to get him. As Steve looked into the mirror and stared at his reflection he started talking to himself. “Well Steve, you're looking sharp today……..and I'm talking to myself, I really need to find someone.” Steve turned around and walked out of his house to his motorcycle and drove to the new S.H.I.E.L.Ds headquarter which was at Stark enterprises, a 3 hour drive away.</p>
<p>Steve walks into the building and into the elevator. ‘Aahhhh he finally shows up!’ Said a voice over the intercom. “Stark why must you be so annoying” growled Steve. ‘I ask him that everyday’ said a different voice, more softer. Steve chuckled and cocked his head sideways before shaking it. The elevator reached the floor that the Avengers were on. Clint Barton or Hawkeye was flipping through a case file while drinking coffee. Natasha Romanoff or black widow was cleaning her guns. “I have a feeling this case is going to be interesting and more than just a rescue mission” chuckled Natasha. </p>
<p>“I'm sort of confused as to why we are going in for a rescue mission......this guy has powers of some sort but I can't really say what” said the soft spoken Doctor Bruce Banner, who if you get mad turns into the Hulk. “What do you mean?” Steve asked while pouring himself a cup of coffee. Tony Sparks or Iron Man handed him the case file while pulling up a video on the screen for them to watch. “Okay rescue mission Rapunzel, this is uuuhh Draconis? I don't know some weird name Malfoy. 17 years old quite short about 5’6 in height, looks like a girl” “Tony just get to the information we need” “well looks like someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed hmm Rogers” Tony questioned with a grin. Steve just glared over his cup of coffee. “As you can see in this video, Draconis or Draco which is the dragon constellation Stark, was taken from England and brought to Siberia were as you can see in this video, they have strapped him to a metal table” took over Doctor Banner. “What are they doing to him?” Natasha asked as she walked closer to the video to watch them insert IVs and different fluids into Draco, while drawing out blood. Draco was wearing a hospital like gown that gave them free range to insert needles and the like into him as he groaned and screamed and tried to lift his arms to attack his captors. </p>
<p>The door opens behind the avengers and as they turn around Harry Potter walks in wearing his auror robes that consist of a dark brown trench coat, dark brown combat boots with dark washed denim jeans and a tight red shirt that shows his muscles. “They are trying to see what his DNA consists of using top quality lethal muggle drugs” Harry said as he stared at the screen. “Uh huh and who are you?” Tony asked as he stared at the young man that just showed up out of nowhere. “Stark, meet Harry Potter a wizard from England and an Auror” said Fury as he walked into the room behind Harry. “Harry it's good to see you again, I wish it was on better circumstances but things always work out in the end” Fury said as he shook hands with Harry. “It's good to see you too, I'm guessing by the looks on their faces they don't know anything about wizards” Harry said with a grin.</p>
<p>“Hold up” Tony said as he walked towards Harry and Fury. “Wizards? As in magicians that you pay to see in Vegas?” “No those people are fakes” Harry chuckled and pulled out his wand “wingardium leviosa” he said as he pointed to Tony and lifted the man into the air. Everyone stared wide eyed as Tony floated around. “Well that's cool” Clint said breaking the ice. After that Harry explained and told them of the wizarding world and the war that they had just fought. “Why can't you go get him if you can do things like that?” Bruce asked. “Draco’s father is the one to give his son to these people to experiment on, I need to go back find and kill his father and the rest of the death eaters that have escaped from the ministry. These people can not know that we exist or I fear what they might create” Harry said with a dark look coming onto his face. </p>
<p>“What are you…….what are you doing?” Everyone turned back to the screen to see Draco looking at a man wearing a doctors robe coming up to the IV with a needle filled with some green substance. “It's better that you don't know” the man said. Everyone watched as he inserted the substance into the IV as Draco started to pant and groan and try to kick and move away. He screamed as the pain of the substance became to much for him to handle. “Help!” He cried. “aide de frère. Harry aide s'il vous plaît!! ” Draco screamed as he started to pass out from the pain. </p>
<p>"What did he just say?” Steve asked anyone listening in the room. “Brother help. Harry help please” Harry said as his eyes looked like someone had just destroyed him. “Brother? You're related?!” Tony exclaimed trying to see the similarity between the two boys. Harry chuckled and looked at Tony. “No, we're not” he said. “But we're like brothers. I use to hate his guts growing up but the war brought us together. I promised his mother that I would protect him but as you see, I've failed. I need you guys to rescue him and take down anyone in that facility and wipe the computers clean of what they are doing to him and why they are.” Harry looked at Steve and stared him down. “What exactly are they looking for in him?” Natasha whispered. </p>
<p>“Draco is special” “what do you mean special?” “He's not human really. I mean he is but he isn't and his father hates that he is this” Harry said looking at her. “He's a male veela.” “I'm not understanding, what's a veela?” Steve said looking around the room. “Really?” Everyone asked. “Been frozen for about 70 years” he said. “A veela my dear man, is a race of semi-human, semi-magical humanoids reminiscent of the Sirens of Greek mythology. Little is known about their biology. They appear to be young, beautiful humans and also female” Tony said.</p>
<p>“So what that he's a veela, why are they still doing what they are doing to him?” Asked Clint. “Not only is he a powerful wizard, but veelas tend to be female and Draco is a boy” Fury said as he sat down on the edge of a desk. “So they want to see if he has wings or other things?” Tony asked. Harry and Fury chuckled at the looks on everyone's faces. “Yes, they seem to be trying to figure out how his a veela, but here's the thing about mother magic. She always has a way of doing things that aren't normal. Draco’s the first male veela  in centuries and his father isn't exactly happy about his son being a creature”  Harry said as he looked around the room.</p>
<p>“I have no doubt that if you don't hurry and get him, they will cut him open and see if he has wings or try to get him to transform” Harry croaked out as the thought of what might happen to him was tearing him apart. “We can't promise that we will make it in time, but we will try” Bruce said as the avengers stared at Harry. “Thank you” he said. “Why can't Draco just get himself out of this situation?” Tony asked. “His wand was found snapped and he only knows so many wandless spells that they'd just be able to get him again, I'll send an untraceable wand when I can. I must go back to England and see what we can do on that end” Harry said as he started to turn around and leave. “When we get him, where are we to meet you?” Clint asked as he watched Harry leave. “Bring him here. It would be counterproductive to bring him back to England where he would be hunted. I need him safe, when it's time for him to come back if he wants then I'll come for him. Until then just let me know when he is okay Fury” Harry asked staring at the man as he stopped at the door, his hand on the handle turning white with the amount of pressure he was applying. “Of course Harry, how's everyone back in England especially a miss Ginny?” Fury asked as he tried to lighten the mode.</p>
<p>“We're all still recovering from the war. Though I suppose I should tell you that Ginny and I are engaged to get married when this is all over with” Harry said as he cracked a small smile. “When you see him say ‘the Phoenix has sent us’ and he will go with you” Harry said and left the room. “Well then, you guys will need to suit up and go to the helicarrier in 20 mins, you don't have much time” Fury said as he was leaving. “Anyone going to call Thor?” Tony asked as he looked around the room. “We don't need him, if looking at all these videos and cameras that the facility has” Natasha said as she was moving from screen to screen. “He would just cause us trouble”. </p>
<p>“Alright then....avengers……suit up” said Steve as they all started leaving the room to ‘suit up’ in their outfits. Clint Barton changed into a black tactical outfit with a knife and gun strapped to his thigh. He lifted his bow and arrows and strapped them to his back. Tony changed into his iron man suit, asking Jarvis to go over all the new changes and stats. Natasha changed into a black Kevlar-like combat suit with microscopic suction cups on her hands and feet that activate with electrostatic charge that allow her to adhere to any standard building material. She had a black belt on with a red hourglass shape in front. Her guns strapped to her thighs with a knife tucked into her left boot. Steve went to his locker and changed into his captain American outfit. As Captain America he wears a water and fire retardant costume, which is made of Kevlar, nomex and light weight titanium. The bottoms are a dark blue along with the top. In the middle of his chest lays a silver star with red and white stripes going down to his pants. The arms are a dark blue that go into white, he has red gloves and boots as well. He carries a voice-operated, wireless communicator in his left ear, which has its frequencies blocked making it highly difficult to trace its call and he's shield also has a star in the middle with red and white going around it. He likes to use his shield as a boomerang. Bruce didn't have to change into anything else all his clothes seemed to get destroyed when he transformed but he did grab a set of clothes to bring with him just in case anything happens and went to the helicarrier keeping stats about whether was happening to Draco.</p>
  </div>
  