
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harry poked his head round his bedroom door. It was late, for him. Like many young people, Harry hated feeling like he was being left out. His mother and father had told him that they were having a little gathering and that he wasn't to come down on any account. If he wanted either of them he could call. This was grown-up time. But Harry couldn't stand it. He had to know what the adults were talking about! He had peeked through his bedroom door to make sure that there was no one about to see him. On ascertaining that the coast was clear, he crept down the hallway, towards the bars of light that signalled the stairs ahead. He moved closer, trying desperately hard to avoid making any creaking noises on the floorboards concealed beneath the unhelpfully thin carpet. Moving along the partial mezzanine that separated upper from lower floors in the Potters' home, Harry could see a window that would usually give a view of the small Godric's Hollow lane on which their house sat. At least, that's what he should have seen. Even in the late evenings, the summer season meant he could normally still see most of the street. But the windows were utterly blacked out. Why would his parents want to hide the beautiful evening? Furthermore, it was commonplace for a friend, Bathilda or one of the Abbots, to look in on them - peek through the window, wave, and then open the unlocked front door. Why, tonight, did they not want visitors? Surely, it would have livened up the party: as far as he knew the only people in attendance were Remus and Sirius. </p><p>He reached the top step. As he did so he unknowingly stepped inside the boundaries of the Muffliato charm his parents had cast around the whole of the downstairs. Now he could hear voices. why hadn't he heard them on the approach? What was going on? Then he heard Sirius' voice, quite clearly and jumped a little, "Did you brew this Euphoria Lil? It's fucking wonderful."<br/>
"I did, Pad. Glad you like it." He had never heard his mother talk like that. Her voice was low, sweet.<br/>
Another joined in - Remus, thought Harry, "I've never heard of it being powdered before, though. Makes it much easier to take."<br/>
"Oh, it was just a simple drying charm, really. Nothing special."</p><p>Harry had to know what they were on about. What was Euphoria? He knew his mum had been a prodigious potioneer at school, was it a potion, perhaps? That meant that 'brewing' made sense... Harry began to steel himself. He desperately wanted to look round the corner of the stairs and in the direction the voices were coming from. Now he heard his father, "Anyone for more drinks?" Then a mewling sound, "No, no, not for you. All your drinking tonight is cum." Who was James talking to? Harry braced himself and... his head emerged around the corner. A totally confusing and completely unbelievable sight greeted him. Remus and Sirius sat on opposite sofas, the coffee table between them. Both were shirtless, Sirius' dark hair cascading down his toned, pale chest. The scars that littered Remus' shoulders and back were visible to Harry for the first time. James, also topless, was backing away, carrying wine glasses into the kitchen, presumably to be replenished. However, on the table between his parents' friends lay Harry's mother, Lily. Her pale flesh glowed in the warm light. She was completely naked. Harry had rarely seen any more of his mother than any stranger but now she was laid bare. He took in the long legs, tapering delicately to her feet, just as her arms did to her long fingers. Lily lay face up, one hand between her legs, obscuring her crotch, the other dangled lazily off the side of the table. Harry's young eyes travelled up her stomach, cleft and pale, to her huge, milky breasts. Even lying down they still seemed huge. Large, soft, pink nipples topped each one. Harry knew enough of the world to be sure it was unusual for him to discover his mother, nude, lying on the living room table in front of two men who were not her husband, especially with the same husband's knowledge. This was inexplicable enough, let alone the sparkling powder that lay in patches on Lily's stomach and breasts. As he wondered at this stranger sight, Remus bent down, clamping one side of his nose shut and sniffing along Lily's stomach with the other, and inhaled the powder. Lily giggled and withdrew the hand that had rested between her legs to caress his hair. As Remus leaned back, his eyes closed, sinking into the couch, the last part of Lily was revealed to Harry. He could see the large area of perfectly kept red hair between Lily' legs and, as they parted slightly, the mound of glistening flesh there, divided by a moist slit at the centre.</p><p>Just then, James reentered, carrying full glasses, and Harry backed away hastily. He couldn't process what he had seen. He sat there for quite some time, unsure what to do, before noticing the tent in his pyjama trousers. He pulled back the waistband to see his penis, incredibly hard. Harry rose and tiptoed back to his bedroom, knowing he would be unable to sleep. </p><p>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</p><p>More than a year passed. Every time Harry was banished to his room on an evening like that first one, he returned in desperate curiosity to the top-most step, to see what debauchery was going on that night. Younger than most, Harry saw sex in person, before his eyes. Usually one or more of the men would penetrate his mother variously in her mouth, vagina and, scarcely though Harry could believe it, her bum. Sometimes with more than one of them in any one of these. Once he had found all three peeing on Lily's face and breasts. Another time they had pushed a big silver ball into his mummy's vagina and then tickled a small area above the ball as Lily wailed and moaned, nearly crying for it stop. It had been all Harry could do not to cry himself. Lily had been tied down and only when untied had she kissed the others and thanked them. Then Harry had realised that she hadn't really wanted them to stop. </p><p>On one evening there had been no party, but Harry had heard his mother's now familiar moans and had gone to investigate. He had peered through the chink in his parents' bedroom door. There they had been, both naked, sitting beside eachother, resting against the headboard. Lily had one hand wrapped around his Dad's penis while he had two fingers buried in Lily's hole. As Harry watched, James pummelled Lily with his hand until she fell across him. He continued to push in and out of her, a juice that Harry thought might be pee sprinkling onto the bedclothes from his mum's vagina. Only nights later, Harry discovered it might not have been what he had thought. As he watched his father push his penis in and out of her vagina he felt a rush in himself and his own penis throbbed. He squirted white, creamy liquid all over the inside of his trousers and rushed to the bathroom to clean himself. </p><p>Now he sat, hands inside the same pyjamas, weeks later, watching tonight's display. Lily was on her knees in front of Sirius. She had one of his testicles in her mouth. Harry had found he liked to pretend she was doing this to him and was rubbing his own penis just like she was rubbing Sirius' and fondling his own testicles as if it were her mouth. James and Remus sat opposite, their hands around each other's large penises, groaning as they watched Lily and Sirius. Sirius spurted his cream across Lily's face as she suckled on his testicles. At the sight of his mother's face, glazed with the stuff, Harry's own penis pulsed. He gasped aloud at the force of the pleasure. He heard a popping sound as Lily spat Sirius out in shock, her eyes now fixed on the top of the stairs. "Harry?!"</p><p>To be continued</p>
  </div>
  