
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>     The air whistled in their ears as the pack ran, urged on by the smell of fresh blood. Gaining speed, they followed their leader faithfully, knowing Fenrir wouldn't lead them astray. Branches grabbed at their bodies and clung to their clothes, but were gone in seconds. Each man skillfully and swiftly dodged the thicker limbs, occasionally jumping over a fallen log. The smell of humans got stronger with every few feet, until the stench of society burned their noses. Nonetheless, they ran, too tempted by such sweet blood to resist. When the younger men thought they could no longer stand it, they all stopped, paused by a single hand from Fenrir.</p><p>     Peering around and over the tall man, they watched as a small figure hurried across the street, seemingly in the direction of a run-down playground. A hoodie covered the figure's upper body, the hood itself pulled tightly around the person's head. The small bit of face they could see was covered by sunglasses, leaving only a small nose and thick pair of lips visible. Dried blood crusted around a large gash in the person's lip, and just the sweet scent of those few drops was enough to take away the pungent scent of humans and their homes.</p><p>     "Aren't those things around his eyes used during the day?" One of the younger men, Rory asked. "Hush," his Alpha commanded. The figure looked over at the tree line, staring directly at the spot that they stood at. Quickly, the eight large men pushed together, all trying to dodge the man's view. Luckily for them, the figure was distracted by a loud popping sound. Before their eyes, a man appeared before the figure, covered in tattoos and markings. "Djinn," the figure spat out. There was clearly bad blood between the two. "Young one," the man nodded at the figure. "Don't call me that," the figure spat back. "I am two thousand years old, I will call you what I wish," the man said, and walked closer to the small figure. He raised a hand and dropped it on the concealed person's shoulder. Quickly, the person reached up and twisted his arm, kicking out his knees and shoving him to the ground. Once the older man was there, the figure rolled him onto his back and put his foot on the man's throat. A few of the pack member's breath hitched subtly.</p><p>     "What do you want, genie?" The figure spat at him. "Someone should have told you to respect your elders," the man replied, before, with a pop, he was gone. Quietly, the figure swore, never noticing the man pop up again behind him. A few of the wolves were tempted to call out to him, and warn him. Without a sound, the man strode to the small figure, spun it around, and lifted it off of the ground, holding it firmly by it's throat. The figure kicked and clawed at his hands, a gurgling sound coming from it. The djinn shrugged a bit, then slung the man to the ground again. It landed a few feet away, it's chest heaving. "I do tire of these games," the man said. With a wave of his hand, the sunglasses and hoodie disappeared from the figure.</p><p>     A sharp intake of breath came from every pack member except the Alpha, who was watching the revealed boy carefully. He was wearing clothes clearly too big for him, the shirt falling off of both of his shoulders. The jeans sagged off of his hips, the beaten sneakers barely flaps anymore. The boy- no, young man, had skin the color of ivory, which seemed to glow in the moonlight. Even from here, the pack could see the vibrant green eyes, which were almond-shaped and held a wild look in them. His hair was a mix of waves and curls, scattered wildly in the air. His thick lips were a light pink, aside from the large gash. A small, sharp nose completed the pictures. The man was nothing less than beautiful, with an even jaw line and noticeable cheekbones. Only the gash in his lip and a big, black bruise around his left eye marred his features.</p><p>     "Why have you not healed yourself?" The djinn asked. "That's none of your business." "Ah, I see. You are starving. I suppose that's why you are leaving yourself so vulnerable and have fought so terribly." The man hissed at the genie. "It's a bit difficult to focus when your body is feeling as if it will flip inside out and eat itself." "Huh. Well, I don't like you without a bit of fight. I assume you have enough to use some power?" Uncertainly, the man nodded. With another flick of his hands, two men appeared in front of the man, and the djinn seemed to disappear. Quickly, the man slipped off his shirt and the werewolves watched as his eyes filled with blackness, like ink swirling in water. All of his teeth sharpened into spikes. In the blink of an eye, he jumped onto one of the men's backs and ripped his head back. A black gas rose from the victim's throats, seemingly sucked from his body to the man's. The man beside them cried out in shock and fear, and began to run. The creature flicked his hand, and the man froze. The werewolves watched with a mixture of fear and curiosity as the man who had been drained fell to the ground, the creature gracefully jumping off of the corpse.</p><p>     The creature walked with a feline grace, smoothly grabbing the man by his throat and throwing him a few feet away. Quickly, the creature walked to the man and sat on his chest, his legs pinning the man's arms to the ground, his groin hovering above his throat. Again, the mist rose from one man and went into the other. This time, it had a different effect. The creature's back arched, its groin grinding into the air, occasionally rubbing against the man's throat. His head was snapped up towards the sky, his eyes closed tightly. Moans occasionally escaped him, muffled by the mist.</p><p>     When the mist stopped flowing, and the man dropped back, clearly dead, the creature on top of him opened his eyes and stood neatly, popping his back and neck. "You can come out now, genie." The tattooed man reappeared, smiling gently. "Better?" The smaller man sighed, "It's always easier with less clothes. Speaking of which," he glanced down at himself. A look of peace covered his features, which returned to their original state. The green eyes took over again, his teeth retreating to normal. Both the bruise and gash healed in seconds. "These clothes are horrendous." The jeans disappeared, revealing baggy boxers that were holey and sliding down. They also disappeared, along with the shoes. The creature looked at the djinn. "I've never been much for undergarments, how about you?" The djinn just smiled indulgently. The pack of werewolves were shocked into silence at both the man's nudeness, and his nonchalance about being naked. As werewolves, they were used to being naked and seeing each other nude, but most other people were self-conscious, and none of them looked like this creature did. More than a few of them were turned on.</p><p>     A pair of tight, black leather pants formed and snaked around the man's legs and waist. Combat boots swirled from the air and materialized around his feet. "I don't quite want a shirt on right now," he said decisively. "What am I missing?" He looked up and asked the djinn. Without a word, the man pointed to his head. "Ah, yes of course. Time to get my locks back." His hair twisted and began to grow, never stopping until it reached his waist. It made quite the contrast against his pale skin. As if invisible hands were weaving it all together, his hair began to braid until three loose, thick plait braids ran down his back. Two swung over his shoulders, covering his nipples and stopping beside his belly button. The last one swung freely down his back, stopping at the edge of his pants. Even Fenrir had to admit the boy was beautiful.</p><p>     "Now, what do you want?" "That's a bit rude, considering I just fed you." The beautiful boy hissed at him. "Don't speak of me like I'm some pet. I don't owe you anything, just so we're clearly. If I could bear the taste, I'd rip your head from your shoulders and drain you of every inch of life you have. You're just lucky djinn magic is so disgusting." The tattooed man chuckled quietly. "You've only gotten funnier with age." "Don't speak like you knew me so well as a child." "I am the reason you have your gifts." "Gifts? Is that what you call it? No, don't get it twisted, old man. My great-grandmother and grandfather bested you, even though they were mere mortals. So, you cursed them out of anger, and now the two curses run through my veins, passed down from generation-to-generation. It's not my fault you're such a pathetic genie that humans bested you."</p><p>     A small smile twisted the djinn's lips. "Let's see just how pathetic I am, huh?" "Gladly," the small man smirked wildly, evilly, and his eyes again filled black. He crouched slightly, his arms in front of him protectively. Looking peaceful, the djinn suddenly shot forward, clearly aiming at the smaller creature. Gracefully, the smaller man jumped up and flipped forward through the air, over the djinn, clearly using magic to fly then land swiftly. His braids cut through the air, creating a whistling noise. He whirled back around. "Come on, old man. You can do better than that." The djinn smirked, and disappeared. The small man closed his eyes, listening for a few minutes. Even the werewolves could detect no sounds. Out of nowhere, the man was thrown back, falling with a thud to the ground.</p><p>     His fingers lengthened into claws, which shone in the moonlight. Suddenly, he screamed, and began to claw at his eyes. "You bastard! Give me back my sight!" With another wave of the djinn's hand, the man grasped and pulled at his ears, his eyeballs now popped and gushing blood. Slowly, he peeled his ears halfway off of his head. "Stop taking my senses!" No longer in control of his body, the creature clawed at different parts of his body, shredding his flesh and skin into ribbons. His breath came out in frantic gasps, and he clutched at his throat, unintentionally slicing it open. Suddenly, he fell back, the djinn disappeared, and his hair returned to its short, wild style. His eyes returned to their human green, His baggy jeans reappeared, just as two fat men began to walk across the street. One was clearly the father of the other. "Boy! Is that you?!" Upon reaching the injured man, he bent down to look closer. Slowly, a malicious smile spread over his face.</p><p>     "Stupid freak tried to run away. Idiot got attacked by an animal." Breaking the silence, the man wheezed, drawing the shorter man's attention. "Dad, he's still alive!" With a snort, his father replied, "Good. I hope he dies a slow, painful death." Turning, he began to walk away, not noticing his son picking up a large rock from the ground. "I'm so sorry, Harry." With that, he slammed the rock down, over and over, crushing the man named Harry's skull. When it seemed Harry was no longer breathing, he dropped the bloody rock and began walking away. 'The cops will find him now,' thought Fenrir. A noise brought his attention back to the scene in front of him, and he watched as black mist swirled from inside of the two fat men, and floated to Harry's body.</p><p>     The tall one dropped to the ground, clearly dead. The other stumbled for a moment, looking disorientated, before dropping slowly to the ground as well. Fenrir could tell he was still breathing. Slowly, like a broken doll, Harry lifted up and rose from the ground, his brain exposed by his broken skull, skin and flesh still hanging down off of his bones. All of the werewolves were holding themselves back from running to him and eating every bone in his body. His blood smelled so good. They watched in a mixture of disgust and curiosity as a jelly-like substance filled his empty eye sockets. It hardened slightly, forming another pair of emerald green eyes. Ears grew from the sides of his head, pushing the half-ripped off ones completely off of his body. Slowly, his throat and flesh sewed itself back together, before being covered with a line of skin. Chunks of pale, pink meat flew up from the ground and resealed itself to his brain, before chips of bone began to form from midair, covering his brain with a thick skull. Finally, skin, flesh, and hair grew and recovered the once broken spot.</p><p>     "How did he do that?" Brett quietly asked his Alpha, his voice trembling slightly. "If he is what I think he is, his kind is extremely hard to kill. There's only a few specific ways to kill them and finish the job." Harry's hair grew again, down to his waist, this time hanging lightly in waves and smooth curls. His leather pants and combat boots reappeared, and though he looked tired, he seemed alright. The genie reappeared. "I bet you thought that was funny, using my own abilities against me, suffocating me with my own magic." A sadistic smile twisted the djinn's lips. "Why don't you run and tell Mommy and Daddy about it? Oh, wait, their burning in Hell right now, and I put them there. You were only two weeks old when I slit their throats, you know. You were just as vulnerable then as you are now."</p><p>     With a curl of his lips, Harry spat out, "You don't know anything about me." The genie chuckled cruelly. "No? I know how your Aunt and Uncle starved you of food, and love. They threw you in a cupboard, and locked you in there for weeks at a time. You were only let out to do their chores, and when you did a good enough job, you got leftovers, not that there were ever a lot of those, in a family of pigs."</p><p>     He stepped a bit closer to Harry, his voice dropping an octave. "I know how your Uncle likes to drag you out of your cupboard at night, and molest you in every way possible. And you take it, like a little whore, because you're starving and it's the only way you can feed. I know he likes to rent you out to different men, and you take them too. Feed from them."</p><p>     Multiple pack members were frozen in shock at the treatment this boy had experienced. "So you know my relatives treated me like shit and I did what I had to to survive. That proves nothing." "Huh. Well, what about...Draco Malfoy?" Harry paled at the name. "I know that he treated you as nothing more than a blow-up doll. When he wasn't fucking you, whether you wanted him to be or not, he was hitting you, sometimes with random objects, sometimes with his fists. But, you loved him, didn't you Harry? Even after you saw him fucking your best friend, you stayed, like a pathetic whore. Don't you know no one will ever love you?"</p><p>     Harry spat at the ground. "I don't need love. I don't need anybody but me, feelings are worthless." "Oh, Harry. I'm not done." Slowly, he stepped closer to Harry, so he was right in front of him. His voice dropped to a whisper. "I know about Ava, Harry. I know Draco got you pregnant, and you hid it from him. When Ava was born, and he found out, I know that he suffocated her with a pillow at three days old, while his friends restrained you and forced you to watch." He stepped away and flicked his wrist.</p><p>     A small child appeared in front of Harry. She couldn't have been older than three, her body and face still holding the chubbiness of youth. She looked exactly like a younger, female version of Harry, except for the fact that her face and bone structure was sharper. Fenrir held his breath as he realized this was Harry's dead child, aged three years. Pack members all around him sucked in breaths, some even having watery eyes. Harry dropped to his knees, landing harshly but not seeming to notice. His eyes were fixated firmly on the small girl in front of him. "Ava." He breathed.</p><p>     "That's me! Ava Sophia Potter! And you're my Mummy!" Tears fell down Harry's face in quick succession. "Mummy, you're so beautiful. Do you know that? Even when you're crying." A smile gently crossed Harry's face as he laughed quietly, choking down sobs. "I'll never be as beautiful as you, my little doll baby." "You're so silly, Mummy! You're as pretty as an angel! Will you be my angel?" A sob escaped Harry, and he quickly choked another back. "Only if you'll be mine, precious thing." Ava reached forward and gently wiped away Harry's tears. "You've got a deal!" "Can I have a hug and a kiss, precious angel of mine?" "Of course, Mummy!" She leaned forward, and lightly pecked Harry's cheek, before rushing forward into his arms. He wrapped his arms around her protectively, looking as if he never wanted to let go. "I love you so much, Mummy!" "I love you too, sweet girl." And just like that, she disappeared. Harry fell forward, on his hands and knees. "Bring her back, please, I beg of you!" The djinn said nothing, and Harry's body was wracked with sobs of anguish, tears flowing down his face.</p><p>      After a few moments, he stopped crying, a few tears still slipping down his cheeks. Harshly, he wiped them away and stood up, facing the genie. "We are bringing people back from the grave now? Fine." They watched as Harry closed his eyes. His skin began to darken, stopping at a milk chocolate color. His body morphed, his hips widening, his thighs thickening. Breasts formed on his upper body, which expanded slightly, then curved. His arms filled out with light muscles, his neck lengthening a bit. His head rounded a bit, his cheeks popping a bit. His lips thinned minisculely, his nose shaved down a bit. Once green eyes changed into deep brown ones, now beady. His hair twisted until it was coarse, dark brown and braided into hundreds of small, slim braids which reached below the newly formed breasts. Eye liner lined the beady eyes in a cat-like flick, and white and blue paint dotted and marked his skin in different shapes and symbols. Brown, small beads wrapped around his neck, ran down between his breasts, and branched under them, connecting again behind his back. His stomach and breasts were left bare, and a thick skirt that fell to his knees covered his lower body. It was a light brown color, and seemed to be made out of some type of animal skin.</p><p>     When he spoke, his voice was feminine, yet still heavy, thick with some type of accent Fenrir couldn't identify. "Dear Anika. Our favorite oracle. Your mate. She's dead now, isn't she? Who killed her again? Oh, that's right. I did." A look of rage distorted the djinn's features. "Get out of her body, snake." He raised his hand, no doubt about to perform more magic, but he was stopped. Harry began to sinuously rock his body, swinging his hips, jerking his chest and arms in what seemed to be some type of tribal dance. Fenrir could smell magic coming from him, no doubt the others could too. The genie was entranced in Harry's movements, and Fenrir was too, though not because of the magic he was using. Fenrir truly thought he was beautiful, no matter what form he took. That was Harry dancing, no matter whose body he was in.</p><p>     Fenrir watched as he danced closer to the genie, before he stood right in front of him. Turning, he danced backwards until he was pressed against the djinn, back-to-chest. He reached behind him and wrapped his arms around the genie's neck. Instantly, the genie placed his hands on Harry's waist, and the two began swaying with each other, perfectly in time. The djinn bent down, still swaying, and kissed Harry with passion. Harry returned the kiss with equal fervor, before...in the blink of an eye, he snapped the djinn's neck, twisting it completely backwards. The genie's corpse fell backwards, his face permanently in a calm expression. Harry's features morphed back into his own. For a moment, he glanced back at the genie's dead body, but he then turned and looked directly at the pack members. "You can come out now. I can smell you from here, no use in hiding."</p><p> </p><p>    </p>
  </div>
  