
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which belongs exclusively to J.K. Rowling. I don't earn any money from writing it.</p><p>Prologue – Blissful Happiness</p><p>Prince Cottage, Cornwall, March 2002</p><p>Ginny Weasley opened her sleepy eyes slowly, tightened her embrace on her blissfully sleeping lover and smiled happily thanks to seeing the sun shining through the window and hearing the bird chirping their own tunes. Ginny loved waking up like this. Listening to the sound of nature, being woken up by the first sunbeams of the day and feeling the body heat of her lover. The smell of sweat, sex and the unique scent of her love, a unique and intoxicating combination of sandalwood, herbs and mint, lingered in the air. A pink blush graced her cheeks as memories of the previous night of passion penetrated her mind. She turned her head around, letting her sheet fall beneath her naked rosy breasts and studied her sleeping hero with adoration. He looked so young and handsome, his sweaty, shortened midnight-black hair clung to his forehead, his luscious, pale lips stood lightly open and his royal, straight nose gave his face character. All wrinkles, frowns and aging lines were washed away. His black satin sheets only sparely covered him, so that she could admire his lean, packed with subtle muscles body. She could not take her amber-brown eyes away from his hairless, toned chest, his rock-hard six-pack and the little, black hairline, that went from his navel to his well-endowed male genitals. His pale, muscular and covered with fine black hair legs were intertwined with her own pale, creamy white legs and his pale, strong arms held her in a tight hug. Ginny could feel his morning erection pocking in her soft stomach and a new wave of lust rushed through her. Sometimes she couldn't believe how a simple touch with his long, pale and spidery fingers, a deep gaze from his beautiful, onyx-black eyes or a whispered word in his deep, husky baritone could turn her on so easily.</p><p>Ginny, as an independent, beautiful and straightforward young witch in her early twenties, wasn't a blushing virgin and stranger to sex before she engaged in her affair two years ago. She lost her virginity to her boyfriend Dean Thomas in her fifth year in Hogwarts, had an awkward, motivated by the fear of the Final Battle and a cry for comfort one-night stand with Neville Longbottom and a loving, filled with tons of enthusiastic sex and sexual experiments teenage romance with the boy of her dreams. Harry Potter. But her sexual interactions with her secret lover showed her the true meaning of making love, becoming one and enjoying oneself. He was so gentle, selfless and passionate during their love sessions, that she often cried tears of joy and experienced multiple mind-blowing orgasms. He knew exactly which spot he needed to touch to drive her crazy or in which angle to penetrate her vagina to drive her over the edge. But the part she loved the most about their trysts wasn't the mind-boggling, satisfying and creative sex or his very talented, generous tongue in oral sex, but the moment when they reached their peaks while screaming each other's names and looking deep in each other's eyes. In this moments, as amber-brown met onyx-black and their tongues were interlocked in passionate, heartrate-quickening kisses, she believed, that they could see in each other's souls and read each other's minds.</p><p>She knew that he could understand her like no other human being on the whole earth and that he loved as well as accepted her as the human she was. With all her flaws, imperfections and insecurities, her dark thoughts and actions, that sometimes threatened to consume her, he still loved and understood her endlessly. He cheered her up with jokes when she was sad, comforted her with whispered, soft-spoken encouragements, declarations of love and positive words when she cried and listened closely, with an open mind and sympathetic ear to her sorrows. But he wasn't only her champion in darker times, he also was her first supporter in happier times. He celebrated her success with a romantic candlelight dinner when she designed a praised fashion collection, danced with and hugged her like crazy when she received some good news and encouraged her ideas and research topics when she eagerly planned new fashion lines. Ginny sometimes couldn't believe how much her life has changed in the past two years and at what a happy and self-independent stage in her life she was now. Two years ago, she felt numb, unhappy and stuck in a dead end. Now she felt loved, safe and perfectly happy. If somebody told her sixteen-years-old self that she would find the love of her life in her sourly, sarcastic, cruel and dark Potions Master, she would have enacted an emergency Patronus and let this person be checked out by the psychological healers of St. Mungo's. But Ginny wasn't her sixteen-years-old self anymore and she was so grateful for her romance with Severus. Naturally, they had to master some difficult times, obstacles and issues in the past and their relationship will certainly face some challenges in the future, but Ginny knew that their love could survive anything. Ginny's thoughts were interrupted by a soundly, wet kiss on her lips, followed by a sleepy "Good morning, my love" and a heated, lustful gaze by onyx-black eyes. She couldn't stop herself from snogging the daylights out of her love, straddling his hips and initiating another round of passionate lovemaking. Her life really was pure bliss.</p>
  </div>
  