
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Hi my name is Rose Lily Potter. I am the younger twin sister of Harry Potter. I love reading, and drawing. I have long red hair and green eyes. I have been told that I look exactly like my mum. Harry and I live with our aunt and uncle and our cousin Dudley. They treat us horribly. We have to do all of the chores around the house, and cook breakfast. We don't even have our own bedrooms, Harry sleeps in the broom closet and i sleep in the attic. We aren't even allowed our own clothes. Harry wears our cousin Dudley's hand me down clothes that he grew out of, because even though Dudley is the same age as us, he is twice Harry's size and very fat,and Harry is skinny and small. I wear some of my Aunt petunia's old clothes from when she was my age,and some of Dudley's old clothes from when he was 5 or 6 years old. Recently Harry and I found out that we're a witch and a wizard. It all started when these mysterious letters started appearing. At first they came through the post, but our uncle took them from us, and burned them. The letters seemed to upset both our aunt and uncle. The letters didn't stop there, the letters kept appearing and our uncle kept taking them, until one day they started flying out of the fire place and around the living room like a hurricane, but our uncle still wouldn't let us have our letters and locked us in the cupboard, while he destroyed them. The next day he moved us all to a shack on an island in the middle of Nowhere. That night a little past midnight, it was officially mine and Harry's 11th birthday. A giant named Hagrid showed up at the door last night, banging and knocked the door off its hinges. He gave us our letters and a birthday cake. The letters were invitations to attend a magic school named Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. At first we couldn't believe it, but the giant told that I was a witch and Harry a wizard. It turns out that our parents also attended Hogwarts. We found out an evil wizard killed our parents not a car crash,and our aunt and uncle lied to us about it. Hagrid also gave Dudley a pigs tail when he tried to eat our cake which was hilarious. The next day he took us to go buy our school supplies. </p>
  </div>
  