
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>           The little eight-year-old looked up at her mother as she walked down the alleyway holding her hand. When she looks back, she sees a red-haired man wearing ragged clothes with dirt all over his face, but something about this man kept her attention. Slowly the man smiles at her with ruby eyes and pearlescent white teeth that almost shine in the dim alleyway. The emerald-eyed girl looks to her mom as she points to the man, only to see him standing behind her mother. She goes to scream in fright when suddenly she is shoved into the brick wall off to her right, gasping for air after hitting the wall. While looking toward the man who now has her mother trapped in his arms and biting down on her neck, she sees this and not knowing what to do, she screams.</p>
<p>Aro had absolutely no clue why he decided to take a leisurely walk through Volterra, Italy. The sun slowly fading from the sky as the day turned to night. He sighs, thinking that even after all this time, the sunsets are still beautiful to watch. He never tires of seeing it, hearing a muted thud, and the strong scent of fresh blood just off to his left; he whips around as he listens to a shrill scream and feels a soft pull in his heart upon hearing the sound. 'Strange, it feels like a dull mating pull.' he thinks and rushes to the scream that establishes a pull in his chest. Once there, he sees one of his kind feeding off a young Italian woman no older than 25, turning his head slightly, keeping the feeding vampire in sight. He looks and sees the small little girl screaming for the woman he assumes is her mother. Feeling the bond, as it settles, with a dull ache and assertive, protective demeanor for the girl, he quickly snatches her. He runs back to his castle, hoping to find his brother and fellow king, Marcus.</p>
<p>She is still screaming and is about to shout "Mommy" when all of a sudden, everything blurs, and she feels the wind rushing through her hair. She, Lily, suddenly starts to squirm and wiggle as she registers that there are arms wrapped around her. "Put me down." She shouts."Mommy help! Please! Put me down." She continues to cry as she struggles to hit the person carrying her. Causing more damage to herself then the supposed attacker/rescuer, though unknown to her at the time when out of nowhere, the wind stops. They appear in a round stone chamber with three carved stone chairs sitting on a platform, and she is hit with a bout of nausea. Taking deep breaths and trying not to become ill, she sits on the floor, quietly trying to regain her senses. After her stomach calms, she takes another look around the room, searching for her mother. Only to find that she is alone in a big round chamber with three men that look similar to the man in the alleyway.</p>
<p>She whips her head around again. She frantically searches for her mother, only to find the three men quietly arguing with each other. "Ummm. Excuse me?" Lily asked, sounding upset and terrified at the same time. The three men turned to look at her at the same time. One second facing each other, the next they face her, one looking calm, one bored, and the other angry. “Yes, miss?” the calm one responded. “Where is my mom? How did I get here? Also, who are you?” Lily asked in quick succession. “Ah… well, my name is Aro Volturi. This is my brother Marcus,” he says, gesturing to the bored-looking man next to him. “This is our fellow ruler Caius,” this time pointing to the man behind him and off to his left. “As for you got here well, that is a complex situation, your mother. I am sorry to say that she will not be joining us, as the man in the alley has killed her,” he says in a matter of fact tone. “Interesting…” Marcus says monotonically. “She is your descendent, brother, mine as well. It seems our sister had a child before she passed away; all those centuries ago.” Aro looks at his brother, stunned, and holds out his hand to him. Marcus seeing this, slowly extends his hand to his brother. Once Aro has grabbed his hand, his eyes go glossy and look far off into the distance as his whole body stiffens; seconds pass. Suddenly, he relaxes and smiles at both Marcus and Lily.</p>
<p>“Well, this changes everything, as to your other question as to how you came to be in this castle. Well, it is a long story which simply put is that Caius, Marcus, and myself are what you would call vampires.” Lily looks at them seriously for a second and then starts to shake. Upon seeing that, the vampires prepare for her to run away, screaming. Readying themselves to run to the doors to stop her sudden retreat, only to be surprised when she starts to laugh uncontrollably. They stare at her, confused, and unable to process what is happening. Lily sees that they are not laughing with her; instead, they look confused. “Wait… you’re serious?” She asked, confused. “Yes, my dear niece, we are serious,” Aro responded; he then decided to show her his speed, and the next moment Aro was standing by her side looking down at her. “We are vampires, we have incredible speed, strength, and enhanced senses that are ten times more powerful than humans. Some of us also have other gifts; I can see your every thought and memory with only one touch of our hands. Marcus, my brother, can sense and see bonds between beings. He had sensed a descendent bond between yourself and us, meaning that our sister had a child before she passed away, and you, my dear, are one of her children’s children. Jane, come here, please.” Aro calls softly.</p>
<p>A teen girl with red eyes and long black hair appears in front of us and bows to Aro. “Master Aro, you called for me?” the teen asks. “Yes, Jane, this is my niece, and she will be living with us from now on. It is now part of your duties to make sure she is comfortable and has everything she will need from here on out until she has come of age to change her.” Jane nods and looks over to the small shocked girl. “Whhh-at… do you-u mean chhh-anged?” Lily stutters. “Well… since you know our secret now there are two choices, either become one of us or die. However, if you prove to be trustworthy in the future, I could see you making a case to remain human if you so wished.” Aro explains calmly as if he was just saying that it is sunny outside. “But… will that mess with my magic?” Lily asks Aro, concerned.</p>
<p>“Magic? There is no such thing as magic.” Aro responds, chuckling. “Yes, my mother was teaching me wandless magic. She said it was easier to learn before you get your wand and makes learning spells easier,” Lily argued. She concentrated and focused on the warm feeling that flows inside her. Lily then looked at Aro and pictured him floating, before then turning to Caius and concentrates on his hair and turned it a bright purple. Lily looked to Marcus and saw that he was trying not to laugh at the now purple haired Caius and floating Aro. Smiling and focuses on flipping Aro upside down in the air. Looking at Jane with a smile on her face, she pleasantly asks, “Would you like a turn?” Jane’s eyes widen as she smiles and softly says, “No, thank you.” to Lily. Thinking that she is going to like this girl and all the pranks that they could achieve together.</p>
  </div>
  