
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Finals had always meant the same routine for the next however many months to come. Being a fourth year meant exams were intertwined with dissertation writing, which in turn meant that this last go at studying would be longer than usual. And while other people could get away with not working so hard at this stage, Remus felt the weight of responsibility over his shoulders as if the world’s potential end depended solely on how well he fared this last semester. So, every morning at 6am the dance begun: first, the maddening sound of the alarm woke him, confused as ever, and snatched him from a probably questionable dream. Then shower. Get dressed. Walk to the library. Get a coffee in Nero before arriving to the Main Library, generally by 7am. </p>
<p>Mornings were his favourite thing in Edinburgh because by 7am tourists hadn’t yet begun to flood the main streets in Old Town and he wouldn’t have to suppress the annoyance he felt whenever a group of probably Spanish or Chinese people decided that Bobby the Dog Statue or The Elephant House’s doorstep were just the places to stand, take pictures and chat, until the end of the day when his studying was done.<br/>
Mornings were quiet, and in the early stages of Scottish spring he could get away with wearing less layers of wool, he could enjoy the walk without having to endure the wind, or the rain, or both. This particular May morning was somewhat cloudy, but dry. The streets were only just coming alive and he could submerge himself in Marc Bolan in the kind of way that only those who are still half asleep, but sort of functioning can. He realised with embarrassing glee that he had enough stamps to grant him a free Cappuccino, which the barista was definitely not as happy about. The warmth of the cup in his hand and the smell of coffee certainly helped at waking him up and he was almost fully functioning when he reached his usual seat on the first floor by the windows. </p>
<p>Time passed by slowly and quietly. The first floor started filling up with weary-eyed students who seemed to walk in too drained of energy already, even though the day had just begun. Is it supposed to be like this? But it is, exams had shown no mercy before and that didn't seem like it was about to change. He managed to move on from where he left it yesterday, and slowly went through endless pages of notes, almost fearful of bleeding out whatever he had already learnt during the last couple of days. His coffee wasn’t finished but it was cold and too bitter to drink. He mourned hist last piece of chocolate, which he had eaten about an hour ago, and regretted not having saved a bit for later, for that precise moment. While he debated whether going to the cafeteria was worth it, something distracted him. Something being, a regular reason of distraction in the world of Remus Lupin. It — he — usually came in every other day, right around 10 or 10:30. Broad shoulders, aristocrat cheekbones and pitch-black curls. Remus doesn't know what to call it exactly, this unattainable thing that almost becomes some sort of wishful thinking, when tiredness hits him and he is about to lose himself, give in to madness. </p>
<p>It kind of started in November. The thing, the wishful thinking, the uncalled-for adoration in his gut that makes him testy and shy at the same time. He admonishes himself for even thinking about it, but he can’t exactly help it. For how independent he is, for how reluctant he has been to receiving and giving affection during his years at university, during his whole life, his ability to form sensible thought goes out the window whenever he spots him. Remus doesn’t know his name, and he knows he will never ask. No, he will keep avoiding eye contact whenever he lifts his head and finds grey eyes already watching him, and he will keep kicking himself for it in the evening right before falling sleep. The long-haired man doesn’t exactly stare at him, Remus doesn’t think he does, but they both seem to get frustrated at their books often enough that their eyes find each other’s in the room in glorious moments of light that end as suddenly as they started. Remus tells himself he hates thinking about it, because some weird feeling in his stomach – or his heart – keeps telling him that there is some sort of connection between him and this man. He keeps trying to tell his stomach that it's probably only boredom, or hormones, or both. However, he knows he has never seen a face that did such funny things to his insides before, which is why he can’t let it go even though he tries to, he does. </p>
<p>The first time it happened, it had been a weird November day, right before the first round of finals of this last year, when he had managed to get rid of his group mates and was finally able to seek refuge in the library. Remus had been immersed in his designs and hadn’t noticed when the guy walked in, but some time later he looked up and saw the Single Most Beautiful face on this earth – surely. He got so worked up he debated whether to leave the library, but he regained control of his … heart? dick? just in time to be able to tell himself off for having such thoughts and to keep working. But he had never reacted so strongly to anyone’s face before and he tried telling himself it wouldn’t happen again, but it kept happening. Every other day, the Bolan lookalike would come in and unknowingly steal a couple minutes off Remus’ time where he could feel his heart going for a dance and then restarting. Today, however, he didn’t have time for this, so he barely granted him a glance before diving back into his notes, which is why he almost fell off his chair when after a while he looked up and saw the guy sitting right in front of him. “Well there goes my productivity”.  He tried to lower himself in his chair and hide his face, annoyed at the intrusion. He thought something along the lines of “how dare he disturb my studying by sitting this close”.  </p>
<p>Crushes are interesting things. People probably wouldn’t say you’d lose the ability to think, to speak, to dream normally when you saw someone who, for whatever reason, manages to get your heart worked up even though you have never crossed a word with them, even though you probably never will because you are too much of a coward to go for it, and they probably don’t feel the warmth you feel when you see them walking in, nor the dread you feel when you see them walk away, because who knows when will be the last time that you get to accidentally lock eyes with them.<br/>
Crushes are skating the line between innocent and, quite frankly, fucking embarrassing because again, you have never spoken to this person, so how can they make you breathless just by walking past you, existing by you, looking at your general direction.  </p>
<p>When after a while Remus looked up, the man was looking right at him. Not at his eyes though. At that, Remus felt cold dread washing over him. He had gotten so used to people either ignoring or clumsily trying to avoid it that he had almost forgot how sick he felt when someone stared right at the mess that was his face. He didn’t think he dealt badly with it. It was what it was. The silver lines were a part of him as much as his dusty hair and his freckles and it didn’t bother him, not usually, but it was bothering him now. How could he be sat across the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his entire goddamned life and not be bothered by it. </p>
<p>By the time he'd realised how much of an idiot he was for ever letting himself think of this person from the darkness of his room, he had already packed his things and left the first floor, the library. He could feel his blood boiling in rage at the stranger for his blatant study of the scars on his face. He could also feel his heart breaking because he didn’t think he had ever wanted to know anyone this badly and ... By the time he got his shit back together he was already in the architecture building, going up the stairs. He liked to think he didn’t generally feel angry, or miserable, or both, but shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. He didn’t think it had been necessarily obvious why he was leaving, but he was starting to feel like a drama queen for it and – he shook his head and laughed at himself bitterly. It’s fine, it’s done, let’s get today over with, tomorrow will be a new day etcetera, etcetera.</p>
  </div>
  