
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>/-/-/-/</p><p>Heavy sudden gasps, sharp intakes of breath, and the broken dry sobs echoed throughout the room. There he was, crouching over the grimy, broken sink. His back muscles were tense and outlined - shown through the crinkled white shirt which was usually crisp and tucked in, but now ruffled and creased. The blonde wisps of usually waxed hair, now falling loosely over his jawline and cheek. Raw emotion was pouring out of his delicate frame. The usual oppressive, impertinent attitude, smashed, revealing a boy who is absolutely petrified. The shards pouring out of the eyes that have seen far too much. He is trembling now. His whole body literally shaking. The usual head held high, now hanging in shame, in fear and disgust. Oh Draco. </p><p>Harry was not expecting to walk in on Draco crying, not in a million years. The whole reason he followed him was so Harry could prevent Draco from doing something suspicious. So when Harry walked in on Draco having a meltdown, he froze. Draco crying? Harry didn't know what to do. Walk away or speak up? Just as he was about to turn around and silently make a run for it, Draco's shaking head looked up in the mirror and locked eyes with Harry's... Shit! Both boys' eyes widened in fear and confusion, and before Harry had any time to think of a hex that could prevent Malfoy from probably killing him on the spot, Malfoy dropped to the floor on his knees. What? Where were the angry words? Where were the stings and blood? Harry let out a breath that he didn't know he was keeping in, he didn't have to fight just yet (or so it looked). Draco sat with his back to Harry, hugging his knees. The sobs had turned to low whimpers and shaky breaths. Now this really was not what Harry had expected. To turn away now would almost seem wrong. The days to follow would be awkward and probably turn out in nasty threats and fights from Draco if he left without a word. Not that Harry would spread this, but Draco would not think like that, these are two boys that do not trust each other. Maybe it is best to just clear things up now. </p><p>"Let me help?" Harry simply asked. Inside Harry was nervous, not wanting to push Draco further but he said it with confidence, wanting a clear answer. No response. Harry shook his head, what do you do in a situation like this? Harry still hated Draco, every part of him loathed the boy sitting in front of him. But seeing anybody cry gets to Harry. Maybe it is the Gryffindor in him, or maybe it is all the crying he did when he was locked in the cupboard back at the Dursley's house. But either way, Harry could not help the tiny voice in the back of his head telling him to be a bit nicer. Even if it was to his worst enemy. </p><p>Draco suddenly shuffled around, twisting so he was now sitting on the floor facing Harry. His eyes were red and puffy, contrasting with his pale face. Usually filled with fury and spite, Harry could see his eyes were telling something more. Something so different. Guilt. The guilt was practically pouring out of his eyes, it was almost painful to keep the piercing eye contact this long. Harry slit his eyes, not in a mean way but in a more questioning way. Draco just kept staring, no sign of talking at all. Harry was annoyed. So he did the only thing he could think of, sit down. Harry slouched down and sat against the wall, his legs outstretched on the cold marble floor. Draco was about a metre away, and he looked down at his knees when Harry just stared. Harry was going to sit here until Draco spoke. He needed answers, he needed to know what Draco was thinking. 

Harry spoke almost softly, "I am not what you think Malfoy,". Draco looked up to Harry, his face was tear stained, he had never looked so broken. "I won't make you tell me anything, but I can't help wanting to know," Harry ruffled his hands through his messy locks and sighed. What was he doing?<br/>
"What reason do I have?" Draco asked, his voice cracked on the last word and he stared back down at his lap. This was a start at least, Harry thought.<br/>
"No reason at all," he replied back, with a light shake of the head. There was no point in lying, Harry needed to be trusted in some way. Draco started chewing nervously on his nails. Such a normal act, just so abnormal on Draco. Usually his nails were neatly cut and kept in perfect condition, so this confirmed to Harry he really must be losing it. "I don't have anything t-to say," Draco stumbled out.<br/>
"Then don't," Harry replied in honesty. If he wanted to know what was going on then he would have to be patient. They were enemies at the end of the day, this was never going to be easy. Harry, unaware, started tapping his finger on the floor, staring at his shoe, deep in thought. What would Hermione do in this situation? That was a stupid thing to think of, Harry thought. Hermione would never be in the boys toilet and followed him in the first place. There was no point in thinking of what Ron would do because that would obviously end in blood and anger. Just as Harry started thinking of what he himself should do, Draco started uncontrollably shaking. He was curled up in a ball, still in the seating position, but he had his arms wrapped around his legs the time, with his knees tucked in to his chest, and his head resting behind them. His whole body was moving, and before Harry could think of what to do the first loud cry escaped from Draco. He wasn't crying like a baby, or whining like a toddler, he was sobbing like somebody who was about to give up. Never mind the person, Harry's heart ached just at the sound. Chills were going down his spine, and Harry was overcome with sudden alarm. Something was seriously wrong here. What had happened for Draco to be like this? And in front of him? How was Draco being so open to the person he has bullied relentlessly for the past four years? So Harry did the only thing he could do, and shuffled over to the crying boy wrapping one strong arm around his thin, trembling frame. Even though he was nervous to do it, Harry had to show some kind of support, even if it was physical. </p><p>The two sat there side by side, Draco leaning into the warm, protective arm holding him up, and Harry keeping his posture sturdy, supporting Draco's weight. This was the boy that called Hermione a mudblood, this was the boy that laughed at his mistakes, this was the boy that would kill Harry if he had the chance. Yet here they are, side by side, going through something that not many close people even do. It was so wrong. It was absolutely ridiculous. But Harry just couldn't leave. He couldn't break the raft that was keeping the broken boy afloat. So they just sat. They sat there for more than five whole minutes, until Draco's crying had turned to silent sniffles. Harry's arm was becoming tired and started aching, so when Draco abruptly stood up, Harry could not help but feel some relief. </p><p>"This never fucking happened Potter," Draco spoke, breaking the silence, and wiping his damp face with his sleeve. He hastily grabbed his jumper which was crumpled on the sink and marched to the door. Without looking back at Harry Draco left. Just like that, the door clicking shut, and leaving Harry alone on the dirty marble floor staring at it in utter disbelief. Of course Draco would do that. That is such a Draco thing to do, and Harry felt betrayed almost. Leaving him like that stung just the tiniest bit. Because after all what they went through, Draco would would be the one to waltz away and act like this never happened. Harry thought there would be something else. Not a thank you, definitely not a thank you. But at least some kind of explanation, some kind of reasoning to whatever that was that just occurred in the school toilets. With a sigh, Harry hauled himself off of the floor and stretched his aching limbs. His shirt was creased, and so were his trousers so he gave them a brush off and then headed to the door. 

Leaving the bathroom behind, Harry wandered the corridors of Hogwarts back to the Gryffindor common room and carried on the day like normal, just a little bit slower. But when Harry got into his four poster bed that night, he couldn't get rid of that tiny thought at the back of his mind. Does Draco need his help? But every time it popped up he would think the exact same thing as the last time, does he really deserve it? The years of bullying and name calling tells him no, but the thought of being back in that bathroom hearing those sobs again, he can't help but say yes. Getting off to sleep was hard with all those decisive thoughts, but to make matters worse there was something else. Something that may be even harder to understand. A feeling, and this time it wasn't an emotion. Harry fell asleep that night to the tingling feeling buzzing on his fingertips. The same fingertips that were wrapped around Draco those many hours ago.</p>
  </div>
  