
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Taytum<br/>      	I spend a lot of my summer going to saint mongos hospital to sit with Cedric wanting him to wake up but he doesn't. Though the doctors and nurses say that he has improved, his breathing is steady and his eyes have closed so that they are no longer staring blankly. Delilah often pops in to check on him as well while she is volunteering at the hospital to gain more hands-on experience. The twins are using harry’s winnings to mass produce their pranks and to look at shops in Diagon Alley where they could potentially set up shop to sell their pranks. I help them though it is hard to keep it secret as we are staying in Sirius's house where the order of the Phoenix is meeting and discussing the movements of Voldemort and his death eaters. One night the twins and I are testing the extendable ears and we over hear Sirius and Dumbledore talking about the growing number of death eaters. “It's only an amount of time before they make her one of them, I want to know when that happens.” “Sirius we can't always know the names it would look suspicious and potentially put your niece in more danger. The best I can do is arrange a meeting with her and bring her here to see you and the others but that would be the best I can do” Sirius makes a derisive noise and footsteps start towards the door. Fred and I reel in the extendable ears and retreat but George stays by the door shock and disbelief on his face. “George” I hiss he looks around at me dazed and stands turning on the spot disapparating, Fred and I glance at each other then disapparate as well appearing in Fred and George's room.</p><p>Alice<br/>      	I apparate to the location as instructed by the parents the death eaters are all masked and hooded Voldemort is standing at the end of the isle of deatheaters Taylah is kneeled in front of him her arm outstretched. Voldemort places his wand on her forearm burning the dark mark into her skin as I walk towards them. The death eaters I pass watch me with trepidation but I walk with my head held high. As taylah stands up accepting her mask from the parents Voldemort's red slit-like eyes fall on me. “Alice black,” he says his voice hissing out the last syllable of my first name as though he has a slight hatred for me. Manny of the death eaters shift uncomfortably, no one knows that my father betrayed them by starting a quest to destroy Voldemort, they only know that my mother was a traitor in their eyes thus I could be no different. When I reach voldemort I kneel in front of him and kiss the hem of his cloak. He watches me as I look up at him meeting his red eyes with my own green ones. For a long time we simply look at each other I can feel him probing my mind though nothing comes to the surface. “Hold out your arm” Voldemort says in his high cold voice. I roll up the sleeve of my left arm exposing the forearm to him. He places his wand on my forearm instantly I feel a burning sensation and the dark mark appears on my skin in dark black. I stand up and take the mask that is extended to me from mother.</p><p>Delilah<br/>     	Dumbledore enters the front door closely followed by to everyone's surprise Alice. He face is pale and she has dark circles under her eyes that rival even lupin’s. George who was watching from a floor above give a shout of surprise and comes flying down the stairs. Alice watches him the ghost of something fliting across her face. George collides with her engulfing her in a hug. Alice stiffens but slowly puts her hands around george “what are you doing here?” George asks Alice looks up at him “i'm here because Dumbledore asked me here” she says and side steps george heading down to the kitchen. George stands in the hallway watching her disappear.</p><p>Alice<br/>      	Dumbledore leaves me at the kitchen door and casts a spell shielding the door from listening ears, lupin and sirius are sitting at the table. Sirius stands up when I enter and motions me to the table. “This is my best friends remus lupin, you probably know him from when he taught you your fifth-year” Sirius says “Alice. You have done excellent I hear” lupin says extending a hand for me to shake which I do fighting down the wince as my left arm is shaken. Sirius, however, is watching me closely “its happened hasn't it?” he says resuming his seat as I take one across from him. “If you're talking about the mark yes,” I say and rolling up my left sleeve and showing my uncle and lupin the mark. Which is still red and bothered around the edges. “I'm not an expert but shouldn't that be healed by now.” lupin says leaning forward and looking at my arm. “It should be,” I say rolling my sleeve back over the mark. “It's that way because I wasn't totally willing to receive the mark.” “you want to be better than the death eaters.” sirius says I nod and Lupin looks at us “you are a brilliant person Alice I'm sure you will achieve your goal. George surly seems to think so.” lupin says giving me a smile. “Yeah about that” Sirius says giving me a wink. “How did that come to be?” I give a small huff and Sirius smiles, “he asked me to the ball.” Sirius and lupin exchange a look frot with meaning. “What?” I ask slightly annoyed that I'm not let in on the joke. “The next time he is looking at you look closer. He didn't just ask you to the ball” sirius says “we saw the same look on James's face before he and Lily got married.” Lupin says. “You're telling me that George is in love with me?” I say the utter absurdity that anyone could love me dawning on me. Lupin looks shocked that I don't believe them but Sirius looks grave. “They beat love out of you didn't they,” Lupin says a note of horror in his voice. “I was taught from a very young age not to feel such emotions. My survival now is dependent on the continuation of that emotional discipline. Without it I won't survive.” Sirius looks at me sadly, “cut that out. My past happened nothing can change it. Stop feeling bad for me and help me be the person I want to be.” Lupin looks at me “and what type of person is that exactly?” “the person who does the right thing, who helps put an end to the darkness plaguing our society.” Lupin seems impressed and Sirius is proud. “Stay tonight. You can learn some about the black family, maybe even your father.” Sirius says “your father's room is still relatively intact. It hasn't been lived in for years but your welcome to it?” Sirius says standing up. I follow suit and Sirius Lupin and I exit the kitchen and head up the stairs lupin leaves us at the front door giving me an encouraging smile before he leaves. Sirius and I continue up the stairs to the top floor and the door labeled regulus Arcturus black. Sirius pushes open the door, revealing the mess of a room that had clearly not been used in many years. “Thank you, Sirius.” I say and Sirius nods leaving me to the room. I walk into it slowly looking around at the dusty surfaces and the unmade bed, as well as the walls covered in Slytherin memorabilia and daily profit clippings detailing the death eaters. I wave my wand and the dust removes itself from every surface in the room. Slowly and methodically I walk around the room opening drawers and looking through the contents most of which are books that I recognize from my years at Hogwarts. The books I stack on the desk chair and continue to look through the drawers there are some crumpled pieces of parchment some with writing on them others with out. I remove each piece of parchment and lay them out on the desk for later observation. Once all the desk drawers are empty I move to the dresser and start looking through the trousers socks underwear and ties that are folded methodically in each drawer. Now I know where I got my perfectionist nature. In the back of his dresser is a secret compartment that also has a few sheets of parchment and pages from books our journals. These items I place on the bed to look through first. I then move to the small bar of hanging cloths which include a very old set of dress robes with no pockets, an old set of school robes, a large hooded cloak, and a descrintigating set of robes that could have been from the ministry. Ditching the clothes I take a seat on the bed and start reading the pages I found in the hidden compartment. Some are old pages torn from text books on dark magic often accompanied by pieces of parchment with notes discussing the topics on the book pages. The only piece that isn't a book page is a page torn from what could be a journal though the page looks oddly familiar. The page is dated 1979 the same year that my dad dies in his pursuit of defeating Voldemort. “I found out today what the dark lord is hiding in the cave and will take creature with me to complete the task. I am leaving my daughter behind and am heartbroken to do it. But I have realized too late that the death eaters are not the place I want to be and will not bring about the world that I want for my daughter. I will destroy the part of the dark lord's soul that is in the cave if it is the last thing I do. The locket must be destroyed. For the dark lord to eventually be destroyed.” I sit in shock for a moment then file the piece of information away in the part of my brain that no one can reach when probing my mind with occlumency. Then fold the piece of paper and tuck it into my bag along with the book excerpts and notes. I then move to the pages on the desk perching myself on the edge of the desk as I read. The parchment scraps from the desk turn out to be utterly useless though I find a love note from my father to my mother that I tuck into my bag as well. The rest of the parchment scraps are useless so I set them on fire thus destroying them. The books I shake out for any pieces of parchment and come up with a history of magic essay that my father wrote while he was in school and a flattened quill but otherwise nothing of consequence. With that done I look around the walls at the pictures I find a picture of my parents stuck to the wall, the picture is clearly from their time at school both of them looking extremely young. I try to remove it from the wall but it is apparently pasted to the wall permanently so I leave it where it is and move to the door and head down the stairs to the drawing room lighting my wand as I go. The drawing room is stuffy and clearly in the process of being cleaned. On the wall across from the door is a large tapestry of the black family tree I move towards it and see the names of my relatives some people are burned off the tree including Sirius clearly having been disowned. I recognize the Malfoys and the tonk’s as well some other death eater families. I look at the words inscribed at the top “toujours pur” the black family motto which translates to always pure. “I see you found your family” I turn around and see George standing in the doorway his wand lit and an odd look on his face. “I don't have a family,”I say turning back to the black family tree and staring at the skull that is labeled regulus black. “Yes, you do.” George says moving up behind me and standing next to me. “This isn't my family.” I say gesturing at the tapestry “ I never knew them, they were never part of my life.” “Sirius is,” George says looking sideways at me. “But every time he sees me he looks at me as though my current situation is his fault because he failed my dad. He cares for me like a father does but he isn't, I've never had a proper family, my parents were death eaters, the family I was placed with are death eaters, my uncle is a convicted not guilty mass murder. I'm just not meant to have a proper family” “Alice” George says sorrow in his voice as he reaches for me placing a hand on my shoulder I jump away “don't touch me” I say crossing my arms and taking deep calming breaths. George looks at me hurt with an underlying note of love in his eyes that I had always noticed subconsciously but never taken note of. I sighed letting go of my emotions for a moment to explain to George what is going on “it's not you. I just hate being touched especially when I'm unnecessarily emotional, that's when…” “when they would beat you the most,” George says taking a step towards me but not trying to touch me. “They beat you till you didn't feel any emotions at all, didn't they. That's why you hide, that's why your face is a mask of unfeeling. That's why you didn't want me to see you smile when you did after I asked you to the ball. Because you were afraid that you would be hurt for showing that emotion.” George says looking me right in the face unflinching and with out trepidation. I look away, “the emotional beating were the ones that left me bloody crumpled on the floor because they wouldn't stop until I didn't scream or cry or anything.” I don't look at George's face not wanting to see the pity written there. “Alice looks at me.” George says gently I turn my head back towards him and take in the pity written on his face but there's something else there, determination that is almost protective. “I will never hurt you. I will never let anything bad to happen to you” he says gentleness in his voice and for a moment I believe him. “You can't promise that. Everyone hurts each other eventually. It's inevitable. Its encoded into the human nature” I say and turn to leave George reaches for me I sense it but I don't stop. The next morning Sirius walks me to the door where Dumbledore then escorts me out onto the street bids me farewell and steps back so that I can disapparate.</p><p>Taytum<br/>      	Two weeks after Alice's visit the order received notice that harry has been attacked by two dementors and will be on trial with the ministry. Moody puts together a team to go get him including lupin and tonks I run up to them before they leave “I'm coming with you” I say tucking my wand into my jacket pocket. “No your not,” Moody says gruffly. “Yes I am. He’s my brother I'm not letting you move him without me.” lupin steps forward and puts his hands on my shoulders “taytum listen to me. It's to dangerous. Moody has us all in a rotation that can not be compromised. If you come it could put the entire mission at risk. Please stay here.” Lupin says looking at me in the face with a seriousness that is unlike him. “But,”I say starting to follow but george wraps his arm around my upper body restraining me from following moody and the others as they leave. “Let me go with them.” I say struggling slightly against George who struggles slightly to keep me in place Fred helps his brother. I continue to struggle “let me go,”I say continuing to try to follow the group. “Taytum” fred and george turn slightly bringing me with them. Sirius is standing at the other end of the hall “come here” fred and george look at me then release me I walk over to my godfather.”they will bring him back safe. I know how you feel. I know you want to help them I do to but harry would never forgive himself if anything happened to either of us.” two hours later the order is in a meeting and harry arrives. Mrs. weasley sends him up to Ron's room where hermione delilah and I are all talking. When harry enters I jump up and hug him he stagers slightly and though he smiles at me it doesn't stay on his face long and it doesn't reach his eyes. Ginny excuses herself giving harry a small smile as she passes him. Hermione Ron Delilah and I explain to harry that dumbledore made us swear not to write him especially considering news of the order of the Phoenix. Which we explain is a secret society founded back in the first wizard war by dumbledore to fight against voldemort and his followers. We also tell Harry that Percy Ron and I’s older brother has betrayed the entire family to support Cornelius fudge who has been using his influence over the daily prophet to defraud harry and dumbledore portraying both of them as liers. On our way down to dinner we come across Fred and George on the landing above us lowering an extendable ear towards the knot of people in the hall below. When the group below leaves through the front door Fred and George hoist the flesh colored string back up before disappearing as molly appears at the base of the stairs and starts to climb up to us. “We’re eating down in the kitchen. Just tiptoe across the hall it's through the door here…” Mrs Weasley says motioning us to follow her to the kitchen. CRASH, we all turn to see tonks sprawled on the floor having just tripped over the umbrella stand. Tonk’s apologies are drowned out by the portrait of Mrs. black Sirius's mother and Alice's grand mother starts shrieking her curtains flying open and making the entire hall ring with her shouts. Most of us cover our ears as Lupin and Mrs. Weasley rush forward starting to reach the curtains shut. Tonks is apologizing over and over again. Mrs. Weasley abandoned the portrait and starts to stun the other portraits in the hall who have joined mrs. blacks shrieks. Sirius bursts from the kitchen door, “shut up, you horrible old hag, shut UP!” he roars seizing the curtain Mrs. Weasley had abandoned. Mrs. black's face blanches, and she starts shrieking insults at Sirius who glares as he and lupin wrench the curtains back over her portrait. Sirius turns to harry and i “hello Harry. I see you've met my mother” Sirius says grimly. Sirius gives Harry a hug and leads us all down to the kitchen explaining to harry that the house is the family home meaning that this house is his and Alice's house. At the mention of his god cousin Harry looks at Sirius whose face was grave before but now it's even more grave. “How is she?” he asks an odd tone in his voice. “She's under a lot of pressure at the moment.” Sirius says as we enter the kitchen. Dinner is its usual assortment of food from Mrs. Weasley and tonks providing the usual entertainment by changing her face into various animals. Near the end of the meal the topic of conversation shifts towards Harry and the ministry as well as Voldemort. Mrs. Weasley protests that Sirius is giving Harry too much information Sirius counters that Harry has a right to know. Mrs. Weasley makes it clear that harry doesn't know anything but lupin and sirius convince her however that there are certain things he needs to know. Mrs. Weasley attempts to shoo her children out of the kitchen claiming that they don't need to know anything as they are not members of the order of the Phoenix. Fred and George instantly start objecting, I stay in my seat not objecting and not moving hoping that I won't be noticed if I stay silent. Arthur points out to Molly that she can't stop Fred and George sitting and listening as they are legally adults as I am. Molly gives in letting the twins and I stay, again she attempts to shoot the rest of her children and Hermione and Delilah out of the kitchen “Harry will just tell Hermione and i everything” ron says looking at Harry “i will” Harry nods molly is deflating at this point annoyed that no one is supporting her position that her underage children should not be privy to information about the Voldemort situation. I look at Delilah wondering if she too wants to stay, “might as well let Delilah stay as well. She’ll just hear everything from Hermione and i, if not harry.” Delilah takes a seat without a word. Ginny is the only one left, she looks annoyed as molly shepherds her out of the kitchen and closes the door behind the two of them. Sirius tells us about how Dumbledore knows that the death eaters are gaining ranks though not at any speed at this point. He also explains that the ministry is refusing to accept that Voldemort is back and fudge is fearing that Dumbledore is attempting to overthrow him. Sirius also tells us that the order believes that Voldemort is after something that he didn't have the last time, something like a weapon. But before Harry or I can ask what it is molly returns and stops the conversation sending us all to bed. She is busy shooting all of us out of the kitchen that she doesn't notice George hang back. I look at Fred as we walk up the stairs, Molly is distracted by the fact that Ginny is still up when Hermione and Delilah enter the room that Hermione, Delilah, Ginny, and I are all sharing. I glance at Fred who nods and slips back down the stairs to check on his brother. Molly then enters her and Arthur's room exasperated by the conversation that happened after dinner. Ron and Harry head up to their room talking about what we all just learned. Delilah watches me stand on the stairs for a moment, “ I'm going to talk to the twins.” when I enter the room the twins are sharing I know instantly that something is wrong. Fred is sitting on the floor tinkering with the punching telescope while George is laying on the bed in the room staring up at the ceiling a numb shocked look on his face. “What's happened?” I ask stepping into the room and avoiding the many parts laid out on the floor. Fred looks up then looks at his brother who has turned his head to look at me with a look that I have never seen on his face before. “Sirius...uh told George about alice… she’s uh…she’s in a lot of trouble with her parents. George thinks it's his fault.” Fred says looking uncomfortable. I sit down on the side of the bed and George looks at me without moving. “George you can't blame yourself for Alice's trouble. She's got lots going on at home that we don't know about. She is strong George she can get through it. Besides she looked fine when she was here.” George sighs and closes his eyes.</p><p>Delilah<br/>     	After Harry's arrival life at Grimmauld place returns to normal, well as normal as the thoral cleaning of a house that has not been lived incense Sirius went to Azkaban 13 years ago. Sirius grudgingly helps us often by yelling at creature who pops in and out reclaiming various things that we attempt to throw out. The house is constantly busy with members of the order coming in and out to give updates. One day Sirius sees Harry and taytum looking at the black family tree tapestry which shows the black family and all of their relatives including the Malfoy's, tonk’s family, and the Lestrange family. All except for tonk’s family are death eaters, meaning that Alice's family is deeply entrenched in you know whos circle. In the meantime, Fred and george continue to start their joke shop funded by harry’s winnings which they confided in taytum and I knowing that we could be trusted. The twins tuck certain items into their pockets for later study by the four of us in order for us to continue making pranks. The night before harry’s trial Sirius asks if he can accompany Harry in disguise dumbledore however sends harry with Mr. Weasley and allows taytum to accompany them.</p><p>Alice<br/>     	Word of harry’s trial spreads fast through the death eaters, thanks to taylah who thanks to the parents has a job in the ministry despite her less than desirable NEWT grades. Voldemort has taylah a company lucius malfoy to the ministry to do some spying on the trial as well as the location of the prophecy that voldemort is after. I in the meantime am sent with the parents back to the house to await my Hogwarts letter as I will be returning to the school to complete my seventh year. Voldemort explains that it is important for the Peters family to continue the role of respectable wizard citizens. This means returning to the manor and sending me to school. The moment we enter the house father shoves me into a wall. “What the hell did Dumbledore want from you three weeks ago?” he yells at me as mother closes the door behind the three of us. “He wanted to talk to me about my chosen field of study,” I said touching my hand briefly to my nose, it comes away bloody. “As I am no longer capable of working in the ministry he was suggesting that I change career paths. As I am exceptionally bright.” the whip comes down with such a force that I'm knocked backward into the wall once more, I feel the blood well up though it doesn't flow right away. I dont move, I don't speak either, “you are not bright, you are a disappointment to this family” the whip that is his wand flys through the air once more striking me across the shoulder when he struck me earlier, my skin breaks and the blood starts to spill from the cut, it's more than usual due to the closeness the cut is to my major artery. Mother stops father from striking me once more as I am bleeding extensively “heal yourself” she snaps. “Then clean up the blood” she walks away and fathers wand shortens itself then he follows. I fumble my wand out of my pocket and wave it over my shoulder the blood on my cloths stays there but the wound closes over though it is still very red and will leave the usual scar that his wand whip leaves behind. I feel light headed from the loss of blood but I turn to the wall and study the spater there waving my wand over it making it disappear. Making sure that I don't touch the now spotless floor or wall I stand up and slowly as im dizzy take the stairs to my room where i change out of my death eater robes and throw them into the tub and fill it with water. Letting them soak, i clean the blood off my body as i shower then change into clean cloths and ring out my robes and hang them on the shower rod to dry. Once im clean and dry i dive into my trunk and pop open the secret compartment I hid in my trunk after my first year. I look through the vials of potions I have there and find the blood replacing potion and place a drop of the potion on my tongue. Then wash it down with water. Instantly my lightheadedness disappears and I feel steady on my feet once more. After I've tucked the potion back into my trunk and closed over the secret compartment where my father’s papers are now hidden as well I move to my desk and start writing my homework. Three hours later mother calls me down to make dinner for the family, taylah is back from her observation at the ministry and is hungry. “Potter got off. They absolved him of all charges.” she tells mother and father as I start making dinner. I work without speaking holding down the wince i feel everytime I move my right arm as the laceration on my shoulder is perfectly placed so that I feel its pain every time I move. In the end, I complete four separate dishes for each member of the family, they are cooked to perfection and plated beautifully as is my usual style but no one takes notice of it. When dinner is finished I clean the plates then reteet back to my room and continue my homework. The house goes quiet two hours after dinner and I finish all of my essays before midnight. I move to my window which is open letting in the night air and look up at the stars, a breeze blows through the window bringing with it small flame I hold out my hand and the flame lands in my palm turning into a folded letter. I unfold it and stair at the untidy scrawl that is george’s handwriting. “Sirius told me that you were in trouble though he wouldn't say what specifically. Are you ok?” I sigh at least sirius didn't inform george of my new affiliation. I pull out my wand and set George's note on fire destroying it. I then move to my desk and pull out a small piece of parchment and write “I’m fine. Sirius is unnecessarily worried about me. I've been very busy this summer. I'll see you on the train when we return to school.” I fold it up and move back to the window setting the note on fire to send back to george. After that I lower my self out of my window and land lightly on the grass a floor below. I glance at the house to make sure that no one saw me leave then in the shadows of the house I transform for the first time in months and run through the grounds feeling the wind in my fur and whistling in my ears. I finally feel free for the first time cense taking the mark as the family wanted.</p><p>Taytum<br/>      	With harry absolved of all charges the Weasley's lupin, Sirius, and other members of the order are celebrating. Though sirius seems happy that harry will be returning to hogwarts hermione and i suspect that sirius was secretly hoping that harry would be able to stay in the house with him. The day before we are all supposed to return to hogwarts we receive our book lists and learn that hermione and ron were given the honor of prefect while harry is not a prefect. Mrs. weasley agrees to buy Ron a new broomstick as a reward for becoming a prefect. The night before moody pulls harry and I aside showing us the photograph of the original order of the phoenix including our parents lupin sirius pettigrew, and neville's parents. Harry seems bothered by the photo and retreats upstairs with it. Moody looks at me for an explanation, “he’s been on edge lately. I don't know why”I say as i stand up. The next morning harry wakes up a little later than usual, and his guard is one member short so sirius fills the position as a shaggy black dog, moody isn't impressed by this because he is in violation of dumbledore’s orders. Mrs. weasley is thoroughly not impressed by Sirius's desire to come but she doesn't put up a fight instead she guides harry and I out of the house to meet tonks Sirius between Harry and i. The moment Sirius is outside his doggy face changes and he starts leaping around barking at birds and chasing down cats. Once on the train Ron and Hermione join delilah and I on our way to the prefect compartment, leaving Harry and Ginny to find a compartment on their own. Delilah and I stop short when we enter the compartment to find Alice standing at the front with the head boy. Alice looks slightly odd in the full light of the compartment. Her face is paler then it had been this summer and she holds herself as though she is in pain though she doesn't show it. The head boy looks at her with trepidation and almost fear though she doesn't seem to notice as she says “welcome prefects. Those of you who are old hands at this welcome back, those of you who are new to the prefect job, welcome. I am your new head girl and this is your head boy.” she says motioning to the boy beside her when mentioned. “The two of us will be explaining your various jobs so pay attention as your jobs are important.” their is almost palpable tension in the room as Alice continues to describe the various jobs the prefects must do. Most of the prefects seem intimidated by her Ron and Hermione seem ok with her but they like their new class prefects seem to take her words very seriously. Malfoy is especially attentive for some reason even Pansy Parkinson is attentive to her. “She's one of them” Delilah whispers to me when she sees me watching the Slytherins. “What?” I ask but Delilah doesn't answer as Alice is glaring in our direction as she speaks. When Alice releases us ron and Hermione move down the train ahead of the remaining hufflepuff prefect joins me and my male counterpart as we begin our patrol. Alice ignores the head boy at her side who is a ravenclaw in our year who was bullied by taylah for years and is highly uncomfortable around Alice who doesn't seem to pay attention.</p>
  </div>
  