
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Feet stomping, ears thumping, your heart rate has skyrocketed from your increased speed after realizing the time, you're going to be late! Following secret passageways you eventually come to a stop at the end of the corridor you can hear faint music coming from the classroom, once you fix your loose strands of hair and dust of your robes you open the door to be startled by roaring laughter. Surprised you jump, thinking the class is laughing at your messy appearance however, they are pointing and laughing at...what is that?...is that a spider wearing roller skates? You walk in slowly and calm yourself, this is Hogwarts after all this only ranks in the top 10 of the most bizarre things you've seen at Hogwarts, just above the talking portraits and way below the petrified boy with the camera last year. Shaking yourself out of your head you see the famous Harry Potter and realize where you are, a third year class... shit, shit, shit. You make a swift turn and run for the door when you hear the swish of a wand and next thing you know the door slams shut and silence fills the room. "Y/N I presume?" You turn your head 90 degrees clockwise to face the voice, you imagine you look like an owl at this moment, you just hope you dont look as stupid as you feel. "Since you are the only student to have the audacity to turn up an hour late to my lesson i suggest you sit in and observe the 3rd years" Your eyes widen and you clear your throat, It was our new DADA teacher. I'm an hour late? I need to ask those weasley twins to hook me up with those puking pastels so next time I'm late i can take my sorry ass back to my dorm. "Of course Professor" you squeak. You quietly place your books to your right and lean against the nearest desk to steady yourself and quietly observe the class. As you take a deep breath to regain your composure and watch the class continue you notice the board. 'Professor Lupin' was written in chalk in a divine script typography, you always admired nice hand writing, you always thought it says a lot about a person.</p><p>The music continues with another swish of the Professor's wand. Light pulls into his eyes as he begins to encourage the next student forward. You hear the familiar spell being cast which makes you squeak out a little chuckle as you remember 3rd year, that class was much less enthusiastic than this. You try and keep back a giggle at some of the more ridiculous ones however one time you couldn't help but laugh out deep from your stomach and it bellows out to the other end of the classroom. Your eyes squinted and body bent over in hysterics you hear the professor join in with your laughter, you hope he was laughing at the spell outcome and not you, you always thought your laugh was awkward and unattractive. Suddenly the room goes quiet, cold and still. A deathly silhouette hangs above the boy who lived, the next thing you know your running in front of Potter, then it all turns black.The last things you feel are the Professor's eyes burn into you as you fade into the nothingness you hoped you weren't in anymore trouble, he might be the best thing that's happened to DADA.</p><p>What felt like seconds later, you awake in what you swear was the most comfortable spot you've ever felt. An old hazelnut coloured armchair with a cream blanket which smelt like rich chocolate and cinnamon. One deep inhale and exhale later you blink rapidly as you hear faint clinks and chimes of ceramics hitting one on other. You hold the blanket up to your nose allowing on final inhale before settling it on your lap and noticing its sleeves, you waste no time putting the divine smelling woolen jumper over your head and letting yourself slouch in its warm glow.</p><p>Scanning the room left to right you notice old books and potions of god knows what, wait wasn't this lockhearts room last year? "Y/N glad youre still with us" You try to talk bit before you do you're interrupted by a tray being placed in front of you giving off the aroma of a sweet smelling tea. You stare bleakly at the pot of tea before looking up into his eyes. "Uh, W-What happened Professor" The seat in front of you is now occupied, you feel kind eyes glancing up and down at you. "Don't panic Y/N, you aren't in trouble, quite the opposite in fact, you've shown quite a heroic side to yourself today" youv'e been called many things in your time at Hogwarts, Heroic is not one of them. "H-heroic sir?" you question the brown haired man in front of you" he begins pouring the tea into two separate cups. "You showed quite an adept example of the Riddikulus banishing spell, it was most impressive" he passed you the cup of steaming tea. "A wordless spell requires immense concentration and mental discipline alone, i imagine your other professors are quite pleased with your progress" you quietly sip your tea and hum at the pleasant notes. You sit in silence and both appreciate the hot tea, you look over and see the professors eyes widen. You look down wondering if you've spilt the tea in your lap, you notice nothing on the cream jumper and look back up at him to see his face has softened. Your face blushes with realization, I'm wearing his jumper aren't I? You choke on your tea "Excuse me sir, i must be off now" you squeak settling down your cup in its saucer, you rip off the jumper and fold it carefully facing away from him. You turn to bid your farewells when he is rummaging through his pockets. "Y/N, eat this itll help" your eye the square of chocolate as he places it in your palm. "Thank you Professor, thank you for the tea and the chocolate and t-thanks" you scurry off but before you do he coughs loudly stopping you. "Y/N, as much as i admire your abilities and heroics today, i do wish you would've shown them in your own class and not the 3rd years, please meet me in my classroom tomorrow, do not worry it won't be the conventional detention however i would like to observe your use of the Bogart banishing spell and to also check up on your health after today physical and mental. You dust the loose wool from the jumper off of your robes "Yes, Professor" You feel eyes on your back as you quietly close the door and run down the stairs. </p><p>The dorm door slams shut behind you, you blink in vigorous succession, you mutter words of carelessness to yourself. "Idiot, idiot, idiot, what a horrible first impression" you smack your palm into your forehead. Wondering over to your bed you slouch into the soft mattress. Savoring the sweet remains of chocolate in your mouth, your eyes close and you drift off to sleep silently. </p><p>"Y/N Wake up,Wake up" you feel a thumping in your head as your mattress was getting shaken. "What time is it?" you speak softly, almost drifting back to sleep. "It's 10 o clock, your going to miss breakfast" you shoot up out of bed feel as though you have a severe case of vertigo. You see the face of your best friend Oscar gathering up your robes and your hair brush passing both things to you quickly. "Come on Y/N else those pesky weasleys will have taken all the pancakes and special eggs you love, you know that muggle food?" you chuckle "maybe next time ill chug some poly juice potion so you dont wake me up like a angry troll in the girls bathroom" Oscar rolls his eyes "PLEASE don't remind me of quirrell fainting right now, you're putting me off my eggs" you laugh and follow him downstairs.</p><p>Oscar places his arm around you and you both walk into the great hall. "So Y/N" you sit opposite each other "I overheard a cocky Slytherin announcing you saved old lightning bolt from a dementor yesterday, is that why you skipped class? Found a younger man?" you roll your eyes until you spot a particularly fluffy pancake to plunge your fork into. "Firstly it was a Bogart, Secondly gross Oscar" He laughs with a mouthful of eggs. "Wait no, that right there is gross" you wipe egg whites from your robes. </p><p>You glance across the great hall, quills scratching and classmates talking in hushed tones, you've never been to breakfast this late before due to your large appetite. What time did i even get back last night, was i in the professors office till after bed hours. You blush remembering his kind eyes encouraging his students to participate in class, his roaring laughter whenever they would succeed, the way he'd swish his wand when he would cast a spell (even if it was when you were in trouble) "Hey Y/N, wakey, you gonna eat that?" pointing at the single pancake left on your plate, you collide your hand to his and smack it sarcastically, "go for it". A swift breeze behind you makes your robes move with it, you turn much like you did yesterday in class, like an owl, you notice his flowing robes and askew hair walking towards the teachers table. It was the new DADA professor, Professor Lupin. As he sat down he looked tired, dragged down, with dark circles under his eyes. His large hands briefly fixing his twisted hair before he takes a visually loud sigh and gazes at breakfast. "Remus Lupin" you turn your head promptly once again to face Oscar. "Pardon?" "The new DADA Professor...that's his name" you turn back to look at him and accidentally gaze into his tired eyes, he sends a smirk your way as though he heard his name being said from across the room. You give a small smile back "Of course, you'd know that if you were on time yesterday, or to anything this year for a matter of fact" "i know his name, ive got detention with him later" Oscar fake laughs "Ha! Good luck with that i won't wait up, have fun writing lines." </p><p>"Remus Lupin" you mutter to yourself, turning to page 394 of your potions book, just looking at the pictures as the words go blurry due to your lack of concentration. "Professor Remus Lupin" you blink rapidly trying to deny yourself the daydream that was inevitable in snapes class. You were always adequate in your studies at Hogwarts, however snapes classes were always dull. Which lead to many day dreams about butter beer and the particularly funny snowmen you and Oscar would make in the winter, which always had two carrots instead of one. However this particular day dream was not about your adventures to hogsmeade but instead about a unbelievably comfortable chair in an office accompanied by a steaming cup of tea and god... that jumper. You smile and sink into your chair wishing that you had stayed At that moment forever. The contentment you felt At that moment with Proffesor Lupin was one unparalleled to any other memory you can remember. Your favorite snowy daydream with your best friend now being replaced by a warm cozy chair with your Professor? "God I'm an idiot" You jump as dismissed students run past your desk. You glance at your watch "shit im going to be late"</p><p>You dash along the corridors, wishing it were allowed to fly brooms in the halls. You're about to make it to the door when it opens suddenly and you crash into a tall figure. "Remu- Proffesor?" you face goes red with embarrassment, you try and pull yourself up using his strong arms which were tightly around you keep you from falling to the ground. "Sorry, i didn't want to be late.the second time" he coughs and places you up right before removing his long arms. "it's no matter Y/N, you made it in plenty of time" you notice a piece of parchment he dropped, he scrambles to pick it back up, it looked like a very old map. he hugs it closes, you try to deny it, but he held it to himself very much like he just held you. The professor then folds it and puts it away. It sparks your curiosity but you decide to let it go as your embarrassment was at such a high level. "Y/N please follow me" he smiled.</p>
  </div>
  