
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>"I love her" whined Harry "You just don't understand, Ron." "You don't even know her." Responded Ron. "But shes so perfect, she is the light of my world, she is the reason i wake up everyday. I don't know if I can bare another day without her." "Well you kinda got to because the queen isn't coming to Hogwarts for another 3 days." But...Harry truly couldn't wait.<br/>
♡♡♡♡<br/>
That night he couldn't fall asleep. He turned and turned until he finaly snapped and walked outside of the castle. He looked at the sky and wished he could be right beside her, in her bed squizing her tighty. He got lost thinking about her magnificent eyes that he could stare into for the rest of his life, he thought about her lips and the way the right part of them would rise before the left when she laughed, he thought about how adorable she looked while she slept on her big bed, not knowing he was there, watching her, he thought about how she always colour cordinated all of her oulfits with her umbarela, but he mostly thought about her beutiful hair, how good it would look on his night stand right next to hermione's lock of hair and the colours would match and he thought about how her hips swayed while she ran away from him when he wanted a picture in a dark-ish alley.<br/>
♡♡♡♡<br/>
He decided that he couldn't stand another second without her. He was about to hop on his broomstick when he heard somebody caughing behind him. He slowly turned around and switly pulled out his wand. Standing behind him was nobody else than Severus Snape. His greesy hair seemed to reflect light while his dark eyes seemed to be holes that eat it up. He was dressed into his sexy black rope that only he could pull off. He asked:"Where are you going, so late at night, Potter?" While giving Harry a smirk that faded into a smile that revaled his perfect teeth. "Oh you know...just having a little strol. How about you?" Asked Harry while being intrested only in what's under all of those clothes. Harry slowly but with his eyes full of hope asked Snape. He said yes but only because he wanted to show Draco that he can get over him just as quickly as Draco got over Snape; asking Fred and George on a date(Draco was into some kinky shiz...). They walked along the path that lead into the forest when Snape heard something coming out of the forest. He soflty hugged Harry and whispered into his ear:"I loved this walk but now i have to go and save the universe of Twilight-Bella and Jacob need me." And with that statement he disappeared into the dark woods. Harry took a moment to think about what a dumb man Snape was, trying to save Bella and Jacob from Edvard who swore on the gods of Olymps that he will kill every brunette out there. Harry glanced at the fores one last time before sitting on his broom and flying into the cold, black sky.<br/>
♡♡♡♡<br/>
His hair was covering his eyes as he flew over the dark fields. His glasses were foggy as he flew over the nuclear explosion caused by Jason Grace who was done with Percy Jackson's shit. He flew over the car accident he caused because he was bored. He dropped a single tear while he flew over his old hause; from that tear grew a Mc'donalds where he stopped for his daily meal of chicken nuggets. After the tasty meal of one chicken nugget he stepped out side and tripped on a leaf. Out of the shaddows stepped Bloom (yes the Winx girl) "You stepped on my girlfriends leaf (her girlfriend is Flora is you didn't catch that) and now you will pay with your life." Boredly said Bloom like she said the same line far too many times. "Not today bitch!" Yelled Harry and threw a smoky bomb. After the smoke cleared he was nowhere to be seen. Bloom looked around her with a phone in her hand-she was playing Pokemon GO. Since Harry wasn't in her vision in the first 3 seconds she decided she prob killed him with her look so she decided to go the Pokemon gym that was near. When the coast was clear Harry stepped out of his his hiding spot holding a cup. He threw on the ground and yelled:"Bob i need you!" And out of the stepped the kind giant who smiled in a shady way and asked :"Who summens me?" Harry bravely stepped out of the shadows and loudly said :"I, the lord of the pussay(eyyyy) and i want you to clean this mess and I also need to borrow your broom." Bob cleaned the mess up and dissapeared without any other word. "God damn it!" Yelled Harry and sat on the ground. He yelled and cryed until his boyfriend Dan stepped out of the Mcdonald holding a big coke. "Oh honey, how in the world did you know this is my fave? I love you." Dan responded with a tear in his eye:"I didn't. Phil told me. Im sorry Harry but i never loved you. I always loved Phil. He is the other half for me, I'm the earth and he is the glorious Sun, im sorry but this coke is for Phil. In that moment Phil emerged out of the Mcdonalds holding a bloody knife and a shovel:"Come on honey we got Caspar the pineapple to finish off." Dan looked at Harry with an apologetic look on his face and shruged. Phil tuned towards the forest on his left an walked into it, the mind stringes pulled Dan behind him like he was a dog on a leash. The last words Harry heard from Dan were i prefer people with dreamy blue eyes, sorry. Than he dissapeared into the dark and Harry felt even more hopeless than before, but a friend once told him that he shouldn't value himself on how much boys like im so he sat on his broom and flew into the dark night. Behind him the Mcdonald sign flickered and died like his love for Dan. He flew over the forests of the UK his mind went to auto pilot and he started thinking about how beautiful Jacob Sartorious is. His eyes are sooo dreamy and so brown. His smile is so perfect and the way that demonic sweatshit stalks that poor girl in the hallway seemed so romantic to him. He sighed and almost feel off his broom when he saw the one and only Freelee flying towards him on a giant carrot. She gestured that they need to talk so Harry looked down and started looking for a clearing but he didn't see any so he yelled :"I'm sorry i can't land anywhere just txt me! Ok?" But out of the cornor of his eye he noticted the trees moving and creating a big but cozy clearing filled with flowers and butterflies. He turned his broom so it faced the clearing and slowly started to fly towards the ground. Harry landed on the ground, stepped off his broom and leaned on it to look extra cool when he talked to freelee. He put on his shades and looked at the sky because he noticted that Freelee hasn't landed yet. He didn't see her in the first glance but he didn't worry sence he didn't have his glasses on because beauty comes before effectivness. After he put on his normal glasses over his sunglasses and still didn't see her, he got kinda worried. He looked around the clearing to make sure he didn't miss her landing and suddenly it didn't seem so welcoming anymore. The woods around him seemed to radiate cold, sending chills all over his body, and aincent power that seemed to push him to the center of the clearing. He thought to himself:" yolo right, im full of swag so what could possibly happen." He started walking towards the middle but the closer he got the more humid and hotter the air became. This slowed him down sence the air also seemed to become thicker. He slowly realized that he was getting sleppy so he became curious and made a couple steps  closer. The air around the middle started to shimmer and seemed to form silver glitter. Harry stopped in his tracks, now scared. He doupted that he would survive if he got aby closer. He stared at the glitter that formed a whirl which faster and faster. Harry realised that he was moving. He tried to stop but the glitter was stronger than his will to live. His legs were started to move faster and he lost balance. He fell to the ground but an invisible force seemed to pull him to the center. He started to panic and grabing on the ground looking for anything that he could hold on to. But the ground was too perfect, too smoth, to much wet grass that semmed to make things easiers for the invisible force. His strenght started to run out, his arms feeling heavier, his troath now sore from screaming for help and his eyes wattering from the pain of being dragged but also from the panic that grew the closer he got to the middle. He couldn't take it any longer and his body agreed-he passed out. The last thing he saw was an out line of a woman standing in the shade of the trees.</p>
  </div>
  