
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Albus Potter shifted on the alley steps, his elbows on his knees as he worked his way through a much-needed cigarette, a thin jacket wrapped tightly around his shoulders. It was a fairly warm summer night and Albus could hear the music coming from the club and the bars around the area, a faint sound mixing with the noises from the streets. This part of London was always busy, always alive, there never was complete silence.<br/>
Albus glanced down at his phone, cigarette balanced between his lips. Only two more minutes before his break was over. Great. It wasn’t that he hated bachelor parties- actually, no. He definitely hated bachelor parties. Sure, the tips were usually pretty decent, but nothing was worse than a group of drunk men who felt like they were untouchable, set loose in a strip club. It really was always the same and at some point during the night they had to call one of the bouncers to make sure that things wouldn’t go out of hand. Albus hoped this wouldn’t be one of those nights and that this bachelor party was going to behave themselves. He was tired of all the bullshit, tired of being treated like he was worth barely nothing.<br/>
Albus took a final drag from his cig before dropping it onto the rough asphalt, crushing it under his heel with a sigh. He slipped his phone into the pocket of his jacket as he stood up, brushing off the dirt and grime from the alley. The back entrance of the club really wasn’t a nice place to sit and spend the break but it was the only place Albus knew where he could smoke peacefully without getting bothered by either guests or co-workers. No matter how much he adored the team he was working with, sometimes they were just too much to handle.<br/>
Albus slipped back into the club, blinking in the sudden change of light. He took a few steps towards the backstage room before Rose caught up to him, winding her arm around his waist. The dark-haired man smiled at her, wrapping his arm around her as well as they kept walking. If it wasn't for Rose, he probably would have gone insane months ago.<br/>
“Fucking great news, the Zabini bachelor party is full of rich boys.” Rose said in a sing-song voice, though, the look on her face made it apparent she wasn’t exactly thrilled. Rich man could be pain and pleasure at the same time. They usually acted like they owned the world, used to getting whatever they wanted if they just paid enough for that. That also means they tipped rather well, most of the times, but the tip came with a price Albus wasn’t happy to pay.<br/>
Albus let out a loud groan, tossing his head back dramatically as the pair shoved into the back room. He still had to get ready and Rose didn’t look ready either. The room was small, with a couple of lockers for the dancers, if they were lucky to have one. Albus was one of the few lucky dancers and he tossed his jacket into the locker. There still were free places in front of the few mirrors and Albus pulled his thin jumper over his head, leaving him in only his tight black shorts that he always wore on stage. It had taken him a while to find the right outfit for him, something that he felt comfortable with and that also looked good when he was dancing. He eventually had settled on those black shorts along with red suspenders and a golden bow tie, his signature outfit.<br/>
Albus sat in front of one of the mirrors and reached for some hair spray, hoping that maybe he would manage to keep his hair in place this time. His hair was a mess most of the time and when he wasn’t working, he didn’t bother to style it because it usually didn’t last long anyways. On stage he had to make sure to look good, sinful, pretty, desirable. In the corner of his eye he could see Rose getting ready as well, wearing golden lingerie already as she applied make up to her face.<br/>
Once his hair was remotely in place, Albus went back to his locker. During one the shopping trips he had done with Rose they had come across some body glitter spray and it had turned out, that Albus looked incredibly with golden glitter all over his body. At least Rose had told him that and he believed her. Albus had to admit, he actually liked the way his skin looked covered with glitter and it usually brought him more tips as well.<br/>
“Thirty bucks these are the type of rich assholes who don’t think we deserve being paid more than a few dollars." Albus looked over to Rose when she spoke again, still looking at her reflection in the mirror.<br/>
“Let’s hope they are generous.” Albus replied and put away the golden glitter spray once he was covered almost head to toe with it. His boss always complained about it because there was always glitter on the floor that didn’t seem to get off ever again but Albus didn’t care much about it. Teddy opened the door to the tiny room that was filled with three other dancers besides Rose and Albus. All of them had been specifically requested to dance exclusively for the bachelor party. Albus still wasn’t sure he should feel lucky about it or not but he guessed that not all of the men at the party were straight then. There were only three male dancers at the club, including Albus. He was sure they wouldn’t have requested a male for an only straight group.<br/>
“The Zabini bachelor party is there. You better be ready.” Their bartender said and disappeared again.<br/>
Zabini. Why did that name sound so familiar? Albus was sure he had heard it before and eventually it hit him. Blaise Zabini was a successful lawyer who also owned a couple of buildings and was involved in a couple of political issues. Rose was obsessed over reading all the gossip magazines and online news about the London high society and Albus remembered reading something about the upcoming Zabini wedding as well. The only son and heir of the Zabini empire, Matteo Zabini was getting married and apparently, they had picked this strip club for the bachelor party.<br/>
Albus had seen Matteo Zabini and his group of friends on the front cover of different magazines before, Rose sometimes was telling him about them whenever there was an article featuring them in a magazine Rose had been reading. Albus had seen plenty of pictures about these young men, dismissing them as rich boys who didn’t know how it felt like to work for the money they spend, throwing it out of the window actually. It was a world Albus couldn’t even imagine to live in, he struggled with his rent and bills every month. The job paid enough to get by but sometimes the tip wasn’t as good as Albus hoped it to be and times could get hard then.<br/>
Albus adjusted himself one last time. He wasn’t sure how he felt about dancing for those men but Albus couldn't do anything about it anyways. He took a deep breath before he followed Rose to the section that had been reserved for the bachelor party. Time to pretend to be happy.</p>
  </div>
  