
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Reid was holding his knees to his chest in solitary confinement. His hair was a mess, getting too long already and he shivered from being alone for so long, and his beard looked just as messed up as he did. Until his door was opened and a woman stepped in. Thinking this was another hallucination Spencer smiled - she looked so… familiar. So he smiled an honest smile and welcomed her into his new room. "Welcome, pretty lady, to my humble abode." He made a wide sweeping gesture to his cell, swaying slightly as he tried to get up from the center of the room where he was sitting. The woman sobbed into her hand as she looked at him, her hand over her mouth as she stared at him - he still looked defeated from what the other inmates had done to him.</p>
<p>The woman's name was Elanor Muirigan Potter, Duchess of the Ancient and Noble Houses Potter and Black, and despite the fact that her titles were of Britain, her words still held sway in America. Her sadness turned to anger, she whipped around and started to harshly speak to the guards behind her. "Why was he in the prison in the first place? The transcripts explicitly stated that he was to go to protective custody, not the prison." She demanded before going into the room. She sat down where Spencer was still trying to stand, though the stab wound in his leg seemed to be hindering him. "Sweetie, please, just sit down." She said, looping one arm under his arm and around his back to hold him up. "Hey, hey. Remember me?" She asked him, staring into his eyes, and seeing that they were foggy still. She turned her head back and called to the guard still standing at the door. "What was given to him?"</p>
<p>"We gave him some antibiotics for the wounds so that they wouldn't get infected, some tranquilizers so that he wouldn't do anything, and a Dilaudid infused cream for the pain." the guard told her, and she had to rein in her magic before she unleashed it and leveled the whole jail. He was a tall African-American, he was the guard watching her for this shift but he would be going on lunch soon. Ella couldn't wait, to be honest - ever since she mentioned who she was visiting he seemed to have a vendetta against her. She sighed before rubbing Reid's back soothingly - he was so far gone right now that he didn't even recognize her.</p>
<p>"After being kidnapped when he was 24, he got an addiction to Dilaudid. Please find a different pain medication to use on him." Ella told the guard who nodded and notified the another guard to spread it around so they all knew. They all knew that Duchess Potter would get whatever she wanted - if they offended her, they offended all of Britain and her allies. Not to mention she was known to be close to several people in power, in every form of the word. Politics? She's a freaking Duchess, and everyone seemed to owe her at least a few favors there. Public? One of her best friends was a journalist, and had gained traction until now she's almost globally known. Authorities? Another best friend is the head of the MI6 if the rumors are to believed, as well as having been a part of them for a while before her pursuit in politics, taking Britain by storm.</p>
<p>She hugged Reid to her body as she subtly swirled some of her magic through Reid to get rid of the drug's effects, as well as to tone down the effects of withdrawal that he would suffer later. She couldn't do much without it looking suspicious, but she at least gave the sense they were intimate, despite the fact was that this was the first time the two of them were meeting each other in person in years. She saw how the guard seemed to be infuriated by how she was helping Reid, and with a light brush against his mind found that he had a deep dislike for Reid, though why she couldn't get inconspicuously.</p>
<p>She ended up leaving soon after, though she had kissed Spencer's forehead to relieve him of the headache building up while she said goodbye. She left standing tall, even as she walked into the cafeteria of the jail. This was another reason she was there after all, and she would never neglect her duties.</p>
<p>The inmates catcalled her as soon as they spotted her, following her behind the guards as they tried to get her attention, though it wasn't surprising. They were never allowed to see women, and she appeared to be particularly weak due to her supposed 'upbringing.' While her dress was of a medieval style, it hugged her figure enough to entice but leave much to the imagination, which might have contributed to their attraction to her.</p>
<p>Once their yelling stopped, she smiled what her friends called her 'Slytherin Smile.' The smile she used when she was threatening someone, when she was unhappy with a result and was happy to tell whoever slighted her about their darkest fears, their greatest regrets, and used her observant mind to taunt and terrify them until they were nothing more than a slobbering mess.</p>
<p>Ella turned towards her guards and told them to wait by the door, that she could handle them. At some point, they had changed - while before it was two tall and menacing black men, now it was a white man of average height burly build and a tall Hispanic man of a similar build. They told her that they couldn't leave, but they did give her enough distance that they wouldn't hear what she said, nor could they help her quickly if the inmates decided to fight her. She turned towards the group of inmates sitting in the back, and the air grew colder around her. "Hello, my name is Elanor Muirigan Potter-Black. You may know me better by the title the press have given, the Duchess." There were a few gasps around the room, and a few of the inmates looked hopeful as they saw her. She'd scanned all their minds though - none of them were innocent in her mind, not after what they'd done to someone she loved.</p>
<p>"I came here today to do one of my routine checks, to see if anyone was remorseful. If anyone was repentant of their actions and rehabilitated enough to rejoin the rest of the world." She called, and a few inmates seemed to lean in, hoping that they were among those that the Duchess had found worthy.</p>
<p>"Today however, I found that there was only a single man who was wrongfully imprisoned. He's an acquaintance of mine that I knew years ago, and I know him too well to believe that he'd do what he's been accused of. You all should know about how I feel about wrongfully imprisoned individuals, you all know the story of my godfather." She announced to all the inmates in the yard, her smile still on her face as she looked each inmate in the eye, especially Shaw, Frazier and Duerson. "However, I know that I will be the one who makes sure you all know who you've angered now, know who is out to ruin each and every one of you because of this." She took her left hand out of her pocket and showed off her signature jade bangle the same otherworldly green as her eyes.</p>
<p>"I am the Duchess, I am a kind and benevolent benefactor to convicts who can and will be rehabilitated. I go around the world, not only to work as CEO of Phoenix Corporation, but also to help those in need, those who don't have the basic rights, those who are starving to death or are being mistreated by those who should be protecting them. Today however, today I am an angered friend who will rain hell on each and every one of you who've harmed one of my few loved ones. Had I known he was here, I would have taken him out immediately, but I was sadly away on business." She seemed to be ten feet tall as she looked down on all the inmates there and most of them swore they saw snakes and owls staring at them as she continued to speak. Her crimson hair, like the blood many of them craved at one point or another, swirled around her, the soft waves shifting with her every movement as she condemned them with her terrifying green eyes.</p>
<p>"When you leave this place, you will find no one will employ you, especially as even the kind and fair Duchess doesn't see any good in any of you. Your families will forget you, hide away as they see you draw near and pretend that they don't know you other than by what you've done in here or out there. You will never truly feel safe anywhere anymore, the ghosts of those you've hunted or hurt will haunt you forever. You will not be given the resources my people send to every worthy ex criminal, and find that no one will ever see you as truly human ever again. No matter what you do.</p>
<p>The inmates looked shaken, but Shaw was the first to speak up. "So what? Who's this friend that's so precious that you'd ruin all of our lives over 'em?" He shivered as her eyes seemed to start glowing as she turned towards him.</p>
<p>"Calvin Shaw. You know him, I assume." She walked closer to him until she was whispering in his ear. "After all, you stabbed him in the leg." She danced away as Shaw flinched under the full power of her gaze. "But you weren't the only one to hurt him, were you?" She looked at Duerson and Frazier. "After all, you two killed his only friend here, didn't you? I've already filed for your sentences to be extended because of that." Her eyes flashed menacingly. "It's quite simple with the video evidence I provided, after all." She saw them step back as she walked towards them next. "Tell me, do you fear death?" She asked them suddenly, and it got even colder, the room was suddenly darker and the feeling of dread was growing in each of the inmates.</p>
<p>Unseen by the wardens, snakes started to slither into the room from the nearby land, feeling the rage of a Speaker. "Do you feel powerful as you kill each other, kill someone's brother or sister, someone's daughter or son, another human's loved ones?" She was looking down on them again, her eyes judging them. "How would you feel if I tore out your heart, or better yet your most dear person's heart in front of you?" Her voice was soft, but all the convicts could hear her - the guards were clueless of what was being said, just that the inmates had finally shut up and were listening to the woman in front of them. With a weak spell she forced the image of her doing tearing them apart into their minds. "What if I cut them up into pieces and laugh while they cried out your name in anguish as the life slowly bled out of them? Because I can do that. And I will if I hear any of you wrong one of mine again." She stopped the spell and showed them the Black Madness that had been festering in her since she heard that Spencer was in the prison, her eyes shining with insanity and her hair suddenly darker as she set her eyes on each of the convicts.</p>
<p>She turned in a swirl of her skirts and made to leave, though she abruptly stopped. There was a shiv sticking out of her shoulder now, and Shaw was still in the follow through position. She turned slowly, and tutted under her breath. "Ah right, you never answered my question Calvin." She hissed, nearly speaking in parseltongue when she spoke his name. "Do you fear death?" Her eyes turned completely black, the sign of the Hollows burning on her forehead, causing some of the inmates to try and run, screaming she was a demon as they fled - the guards were bewildered, they saw the Duchess just standing there, though they assumed she must have a terrifying glare for the convicts to run like that. But Shaw stood still, he was frozen in his place as the twin black holes that were the Duchess's eyes captured him. "You should, after all - there is no place for you to run while you're dead." All of a sudden, the warmth flooded back into the room, it was bright once more and Ella was playing a wounded victim to the guards, who just ate it up as a reason to make life even worse for the inmates</p>
<p>None of them but Shaw, Frazier and Duerson saw the insane smile she wore as she left, nor did they miss the way that her eyes flashed golden before they returned to their intense green. They would never forget her face, not when she would haunt every dream they ever had, not when she taunted them and hung the sword of Damocles above each and every one of their heads, constantly afraid that their next victim will be someone she's claimed as hers.</p>
<p>From then on, every inmate that saw the Duchess that day would ultimately go insane. They would swear that the 'demon,' was coming after them, that a monster was in every corner. Most people understood the monster as Calvin Shaw, after all - he'd harmed the one so many call a saint, tried to kill her while she was introducing herself to the inmates. The guards that day told their friends that the Duchess has a fearsome glare, which was true - she'd used it while she was facing politicians, and it was common knowledge.</p>
<p>The inmates would swear that there were snakes covering them from head to toe, constricting them and making hard to breathe whenever they had thoughts of harming another. They told anyone who'd listen that there were owls that would watch them, that were just waiting for the signal from the demon to finish them for her. None of them were ever taken seriously though, after all they were convicts that stood by as one of theirs harmed the Duchess, the greatest philanthropist and humanitarian living now.</p>
<p>They all ended up living long, terrible lives. Each and every one of them, no matter what they did bad luck would befall them. They couldn't get regular jobs, they would break parole to 'get away from the demon's servants,' and they hurt others when they thought that it would get the demon away from them.</p>
<p>Even in death, they weren't safe - the Mistress of Death wouldn't allow it.</p>
  </div>
  