
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Life is too short, they say. Cherish every moment of your life and it will be a life well lived. The naivety drooling from these sayings filled you almost as much with despair as they filled you with rage, although you were only swallowing one of them down, trying to forget what you are, what life you've been born into and what a life you've already brought two bastard children into. Living in New York in these times could either be dancing in the sky or rotting away in the dirt and scum beneath it. There was no in-between. You scoff at the idea of the American Dream, that anyone could be the master of his own fate, as the man clinging to you clumsily fumbling your breasts. He was one of your regulars and obviously, obliviantly thought that you appreciated his, in his eyes, kindness as much as he appreciated your services. His mouth made a smacking sound as he released a sucking kiss from your neck. You knew he'd left a mark and tried not to gag at the thought of him having tried to mark you as his.<br/>You could feel him hard against your stomach and smelled the stink of an awful cologne you knew he'd put on especially for you. In response to his whimpers you mumbled sweet vanities into his ear as you continued stroking him through his slacks. He was drunk and shot his release into his pants before you were able to get them open. He was still trying to catch his breath when he started an attempt to pull you into his arms but aggressively you pushed him away from you. "Don't touch me.", you hissed. His eyes reflected his hurt but you knew that he understood. You had noticed the wedding ring on his hand weeks ago but hadn't cared enough to ask him about it. The money had to be right, after he had done his deed you were strangers to one another. He put the coins into the palm of your hand and with them a small locket before he disappeared. You looked at it with disgust, then put it back in your pocket. Maybe you could sell it to one of the other girls later. Cleaning up this time was easy, you almost didn't feel like a woman who'd just pleasured a man in a dark alley for a couple of coins just to pay this week’s rent.<br/>He'd left the stench of single-malt and cigars on your skin and you shuddered. This day couldn't be over soon enough.<br/>After the years you had spent in this country everything felt like a bad dream from which you'd just wake up one day and realized everything you had felt, seen, done had been just another nightmare. The thought gave you great comfort as you made yourself presentable again and stepped back onto the street to find the next man who felt a hunger for your body. You let your hair fall over the small purple mark on your neck, the skin still a little sensitive from the sucking and biting that had been done earlier. <br/>How long you'd been working in this trade was no longer of your concern, and you didn't care enough to ask one of the girls who tried to forget who, what they were just as much as you did. They and the men you pleased called you Theodora, no one you knew used their real name, out of fear somebody from their old life would recognize them.<br/>You stepped into the light and forced a soft, seductive smile on your face. You knew your eyes lit up every time you smiled that special little smile which'd become less and less special every time a young lad had fallen for it, until you felt filthy every time you used it to lure them in. Across the busy street in front of you stood a man in his prime years, eyeing you with hungry eyes, the eyes of a predator and you let your fingers rest on your hip to feel for the knife safely hidden away in the folds of your dress as you smiled brightly at him. You felt that he was trouble, saw it in his  dark grey eyes and the lascivious smile on his pale lips in how his clothes were so carefully put together for a man who didn't wear a wedding ring.<br/>Carefully you turned, minding to let your hips sway softly towards him before you walked away from him and out of his sight. He was not your crowd, men who meant trouble also meant possible stabbing for women in your position. You made your way up the street, wriggling through the masses until you came to the place you were looking for. Before you the street you were on mounded into the main street and on the opposite site from you was the market. You could smell the crisp scent of caramelized almonds, fresh fruit and… pies. Deeply you inhaled the rich smell and relished the single notes, each and every one of them reminding you of the last time you walked across that market when you were just a normal girl then, merely a woman…<br/>“Nostalgia is a trait of the weak, you know that dear?”<br/>The smoothness of the voice and the faint breath on the soft skin behind your ear made your hair stand on end and your fingers fluttered for the blade in your skirts as a firm, cold hand enclosed itself around your wrist.<br/>“Now now then, Liebes, I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”<br/>Your breath caught in your throat and you swallowed down your nervousness, you’ve had this kind of shit before, after all this was just another man.<br/>“I wouldn’t leave my hand there if I were you, now let me go.” You let your voice turn into a low growl and threw him a glaring from your fiery eyes. The same smug smile beamed from the face you’d seen before and the void-like eyes looked at you with disdain and… curiosity. After a moment of him staring into your eyes he released your wrist and immediately you backed away from him to put an arm’s length between you and the man, managing to regain your composure.<br/>“Now that we’ve reestablished our boundaries, how may I help you, sir?” You let the word pour from your tongue like dripping honey and took a small, slow step towards him, your look never leaving his. He raised his eyebrow with astonishment, he wasn’t used to somebody just invading his personal space without fear. Nonetheless he didn’t back off and returned the sly smile you gave him. “Just wait my dear, I am not interested into your services for myself, rather than… an acquaintance.” You raised your eyebrow. “What kind of acquaintance?”<br/>He flashed a wide grin at you, revealing two rows of bright white teeth. Almost like a wolf gnarling at its prey before jumping to bury its teeth in it, you thought to yourself. As if he’d read your mind, he took a step towards you, your bodies only a few inches apart, and lowered his head down to your ear.<br/>“He is somebody I strongly intent to find out more about…”, he murmured lowly, his breath mingling on your skin. You took a deep breath and blinked in surprise when you didn’t smell anything of a man on him, and also nothing else. “Unfortunately, he can’t know of my presence yet, and I am very much assured that he’d prefer yours even more.” With that he lightly laid his hands onto your hips and pulled you slightly towards him. “I promise you that this will pay out for you very generously.” You tried to still the rising trembling within you. Something about him stirred a slight fear in you, but he wouldn’t do you any harm on an open street with gendarmes around. You raised your eyes to meet his and smiled faintly. “Who might the lad I’ll engage with be?” Of course you were no stranger to finding and seducing men you were set on let it be by jealous wives or thrifty colleagues, and you really needed any money you could get your hands on.<br/>The man before you smiled with content. “A young man with great powers within him. His name is Credence, Credence Barebone.”<br/>Your nodded. “I will find him.”, you murmured lowly. Your eyes were still fixated on his, the coolness of his look was hypnotizing and you felt yourself being unable to advert your eyes from it. After a few seconds he nodded sternly. “Meet me here in four days.”, he purred and left your hips. “Don’t disappoint, pet.”</p>
  </div>
  