
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>People are loud. Way louder than they should be at 10 a.m. on a Saturday morning, Draco thinks to himself. He briefly considers the fact that he may be acting slightly overdramatic. There are currently only five people in the café and, of those five, only three young teenagers are speaking every now and then over a breakfast of croissants and lattes. Draco has been singlehandedly running the small café that he and Hazel own for the last few months. Okay, not “singlehandedly” exactly. There are the three workers that come in later but, for the most part in the mornings Draco runs the cafe by himself. Draco was starting to wonder how much longer he could wake up so early before going insane, so he was extremely relieved when Hazel called him that morning to tell him that her water broke. Before Hazel got pregnant Draco could arrive at noon because Hazel is one of those strange “early bird” types. Something Draco will never understand. What kind of person can fully function before 10a.m.? So she was more than happy to run the shop on her own in the mornings. When she got pregnant and started working fewer hours she began apologizing to Draco for all the work she was leaving him. Especially when she had to stop work completely. It was completely unnecessary. Draco would do anything for her. So, after assuring Hazel (over and over) that “of course you don’t need to apologize you’re having a child for Christ’s sake” and then finally having to say, “Hazel I love you but if you apologize to me one more time I am going to throw this mug at you,” here Draco was. 
Hazel is Draco’s best friend and he is very happy for her, her husband Ben and, “their wonderful creation of life.” Right now though he really wishes that the “wonderful creation” could just pop out already so he could go back to sleeping. How long does it take to give birth? Draco wonders, making a mental note to google that. Then he takes another gulp of his coffee and prays that the five people in the café right now will leave without anyone else showing up and that Xander will show up soon to relieve him of acting as both barista and cashier. Once Xander arrives he can go to his office for a few hours and go over the inventory and make sure all the shipments are arriving on time. After a few minutes of day dreaming of his small, comfy, quiet office Draco hears the voices begin to lower as two of the five in the café (a couple) leave with the little bell ringing as the door opens and closes. Draco smiles to himself and thanks whatever god seemed to be listening to him. He checks his phone to see if there are any updates from Hazel when he hears the ring of the bell once more. He gives a silent cheer as he once again thanks whatever god was listening to him, thinking that the last three have finally left. That is, until he hears the words “what the bloody hell” and looks up. It is at this moment that Draco decides he is done believing in a God or gods because clearly it’s bullshit and he makes a decision right then to become atheist. Because seriously, what the fuck kind of god would allow Harry fucking Potter into his café?</p>
  </div>
  