
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The Ravenclaw fifth-year Jungkook was lying awake in his bed and couldn’t sleep. Tomorrow was the game against Gryffindor and today at practice he had made some really dumb mistakes that had him flying off the pitch in shame. Most of his team mates had tried to cheer him up but he saw it in their eyes that they were worried. To them Jeon Jungkook was perfect, skilled at pretty much everything, especially at Quidditch. Making mistakes was very unlike him. That's why it was new to Jungkook to worry about things like this. He didn't know how to deal with it.</p><p>Annoyed he turned around in his bed and sighed. Something was wrong. He had been feeling it for a while now but he just didn't know what was missing. There was just this weird feeling of loneliness that haunted him. But it didn't make any sense. He had great friends and lots of them at that. He was actually quite popular. There was also no girl he wanted either. When his friends were kissing their girlfriends in the hallways he didn't feel jealous. Not really, even though it did fascinate him a bit. Eventually he did drift off to sleep and when he woke up his confidence had mostly returned thankfully.</p><p>When they flew onto the pitch waves of red and blue greeted the players and Jungkook realized that this was his place, this was what he was meant to be doing. He smiled at his teammates and they smiled back, glad to have his confidence returned. And so the game went great. Soon all the Ravenclaw students were loudly screaming "Jeon Jungkook! Jeon Jungkook! Jeon Jungkook has Gryffindor shook!" after he had scored three times in a row. He was feeling on top of the world. There truly was nothing better than flying.</p><p>A few minutes later he was in a head to head race for the quaffle with one of the Gryffindor chasers when he found that there was not just one but two bludgers chasing them. The quaffle had made its way outside of the pitch and he and his rival were still both diving for it, their teammates close behind. Somehow, just when they were so far away from the pitch that they reached the Great Lake, the Gryffindor managed to catch the quaffle and started racing back where Jungkooks teammates tried to take it from him. Jungkook was just about to turn around as well when a bludger hit his right shoulder. The hit was so hard that Jungkook nearly fell off his broom. Then somehow just when he thought the worst was over after he saw the bludger chasing after the player who was now in possession of the quaffle, a second bludger hit him. This time in the head. He lost consciousness instantly.</p><p>Namjoon had decided not to go to the match because he and Seokjin had had a fight the day before and he really didn't feel like watching the keeper play. He knew Jin would be pissed but his friend deserved it this time. Or did he? Namjoon wasn't sure anymore, now that his head was clearer. It had been such a dumb thing to fight about. While he normally found Jins rants entertaining this time he had been tired and had reacted really insensitively. They had both gone to bed fuming even though they knew better. It would be fine eventually but at that moment they were both too emotional to talk it out.</p><p>So here Namjoon was, at the lakeshore crouching down looking for crabs, his most favored creatures of all. He chuckled happily when they did their sideways walk over his hands. "Aah, so cute", he cooed, his dimples reflecting his happiness. "You guys always make me feel better."</p><p>Just when he had set the crab down again, he saw a dark point in the sky that was approaching quickly. It turned out to be a fellow student on a broom who was being chased by a bludger. The student was already holding his shoulder tightly as if he had been hit before which was probably what had happened. Namjoon didn't know whether he should interfere or not. Wouldn't it mean that he would meddle with the fairness of the game if he did that?</p><p>A moment later Namjoon regretted his hesitation when the bludger hit the player on the head and knocked him out. The grip on the broom loosened and with a big splash the boy fell into the water. The fall was at least from ten meters above the water surface.</p><p>For a moment Namjoon was in shock. Then he realized he needed to do something. Having been knocked out like that the boy would drown if he didn't help him. Nobody else seemed to be around. Even though Namjoon was really smart he couldn't think of a specific spell that would have been helpful in this situation so he did the only thing that felt intuitive: He brushed of his cloak and pulled off his shoes. There was no time for anything more than that and so he jumped into the water, his uniform still on, wand in hand. It was late September but it was still Scotland so the water was freezing cold.</p><p>Namjoon was a good swimmer but the clothes were dragging him down. He did his best to go faster, trying to remember exactly where the student had fallen into the water. When he tried to see underwater everything was murky and dark and a little scary if he was being honest. He had read about the Triwizard Tournament and what hat lurked in there. The Tournament! He remembered the spell Fleur Delacour had used. Thank Merlin for his brain that could remember so many things. So he worked the spell that put an air bubble around his face. Now he didn't have to go back to the surface to breathe but also he could see a lot further than before. There! He saw a limp body tangled with a broom drifting down about ten meters away from it. Adrenaline flooded his veins and he swam as hard as he could. The boy drifted deeper and deeper as if he was a brick. Namjoon did his best to follow. Finally he was close enough to grip his waist, just when the seaweed started to tangle around the boy's foot.</p><p>Namjoon could now see that is was a Ravenclaw that had fallen from the sky. First he used the bubble spell on the Ravenclaw as well. Then he wrapped his hands around the chaser's torso from behind, as if he was giving him a backhug of sorts, and started to pull him towards the surface. The Ravenclaw was quite heavy which was probably because of all that muscle he packed. Namjoon could feel the tightness of his abs and his thighs, as he was pressing the boy against his own body, struggling to get them both to the surface. It seemed to take forever but then they were finally there and Namjoon swam back to the shore with the chaser in his arms, making sure the boy's head was above water at all times. But when they finally did reach the shore Namjoon realized that he wasn't breathing. Alarmed he looked around whether any of the teachers had come looking for him but it seemed that no one had found him yet. Kim Namjoon went into panic mode. What spell should you use in this kind of situation? He didn't know, couldn't believe he didn't know and made a mental note to look this up in the library as soon as possible.</p><p>Namjoons parents were muggles and so he only knew what muggles would do. Which was mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. For a moment he hesitated, looking at the Ravenclaw. Wet strands of his black hair were plastered across his forehead and his quidditch clothes had turned dark from being soaked. Namjoon had seen this face before, even knew his name he realized, because lots of people gossiped about "the boy who could do it all". He had a lot of admirers. Who sure as hell would be furious if Joon messed this up. Namjoon who had laid Jungkook down on his back on the shore inched his face closer to the boy's lips which looked quite soft which was pretty uncommon for teenage boys his age, who usually had chapped ones.</p><p>Namjoon closed the gap to Jungkooks mouth and got to work. Thankfully, as it was the case with many things, he had read exactly about how to do this. It was still pretty weird and surreal. When Jungkook didn't react his heart started racing even faster. "Come on!", he murmured while getting to work on his heart. There seemed to be a little movement, but he wasn't sure so he did the mouth-to-mouth again. Finally the Ravenclaw moved and regained consciousness.</p><p>Jungkooks body seemed to burn everywhere, especially in his throat and shoulder. When he opened his eyes there was a somewhat familiar face hovering above him, his plump lips red and shaped anxiously. He started coughing up water and so the other helped him get on his side. Which wasn't a good idea apparently because a pained groan escaped Jungkooks throat when his body weight lay on his injured shoulder. The other guy quickly turned him around on the other side, where he started coughing up the rest of the water. Jungkook cursed. "Ah, Merlin, it hurts." He gripped his shoulder tightly. "Let me see", the older said and for the first time during their encounter Jungkook had enough focus to realize whose concerned eyes were staring him down. It was the seventh year Gryffindor Kim Namjoon who had the best exam scores every year. No one could beat him and everyone wondered why he wasn't in Ravenclaw. Lots of Ravenclaws where actually really jealous and got very competitive when they had a class with him. To be honest, Jungkook could understand them. How could someone be this smart and mature and good looking? Jungkook was especially aware of that last part when Namjoons broad shoulders were hovering over him. His worried face was kind of cute, especially when he stroked back his wet hair in stress. Jungkooks gaze dropped to Namjoons white shirt that was so wet it didn't leave much to the imagination. Joons chest muscles looked strong and manly and his nipples had a beautiful form. <em>Wtf Jungkook, what are you thinking? I know you nearly just died but since when do you look at guys like this?</em> The bludger really must have hit him hard.</p><p>Namjoon ripped Jungkook from his thoughts. "I think we should remove your sweater, so I can take a look at your shoulder. I'm quite good at healing, maybe I can help." Namjoon didn't know why he felt weird saying this but he did. It was all true so why did Jungkooks perplexed look make him so nervous? Slowly the younger moved to lift up the hem of his shirt but a moment later he cried out in pain, when his arms couldn't properly execute the movement. "I'll try to help, okay?", Namjoon said reassuringly. "Okay." Jungkook pressed his lips together and nodded, so Namjoon tried to carefully get him out of his quidditch gear. It didn't work though. Jungkook was in too much pain. He couldn't lift up his arms. "Just cut it open", he said, his voice strained from pain. Namjoon obliged and lifted the sweater a little from his skin so that, when he cut the fabric, he wouldn't also cut Jungkooks skin. This time it worked. The cut fabric revealed Jungkooks toned upper body. Namjoon put a hand on his smooth but ice cold skin to try and feel the shoulder. Something was definitely off. "I think it's broken." "Oh shit." Jungkook sighed. "Can you really fix it?" "I think so. Do you really trust me with this?" Jungkook contemplated for a moment. "Well, if any student in Hogwarts can do this it's you, I guess." A sudden warmth spread through Namjoons upper body. So Jungkook also knew about him. "I'm touched." He wanted to sound like he was joking but he really wasn't.</p><p>Namjoon helped remove the rest of fabric and pointed his wand at Jungkooks shoulder: "<em>Emendo</em>." Jungkook gasped as bone started shifting back into place. "Holy shit!" "The wound is still raw so I'm gonna use a spell that applies bandages and eases the pain." "Oh-okay." Jungkook was admiring Namjoons knowledge. Sure, he was in his last year at Hogwarts, but still, not many students knew that much about healing since it wasn't its own subject at the school. "<em>Ferula</em>", Namjoon said with a voice coming from deep down in his abdomen. As promised bandages appeared and wrapped themselves tightly around Jungkooks chest and shoulder. "Wow!", Jungkook exclaimed. "The pain really did get a lot less!" Namjoon smiled warmly. "I'm glad." Jungkook smiled back and then continued to look around. "Oh shit, my broom!" "Oh right", Namjoon said. "<em>Accio Broom</em>!" The broom came jumping out of the water, right into Joon's hand. Why couldn't it be that easy with humans? He immediately realized how problematic that would be so he came to the conclusion that that was actually a good thing.</p><p>Just when Namjoon helped Jungkook up and handed him his broom the teachers appeared, clearly worried, talking over each other and making a fuss. They all went back to the castle, but before Jungkook could say thank you, Namjoon just smiled. "See you around." And so they parted ways.</p>
  </div>
  