
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>This story begins on the first bright day in over a week of rain during spring, when the smell of warm, wet earth had all the children in Surrey excited to go outside to play. The fact that it was also near the end of the last day before Easter holidays, didn’t help the fidgety children. It was on this day that Harry Potter was given a monumental task. He was to bring life to the lifeless. He was to bestow that precious gift that was previously solely in the gods’ domain. At the tender age of 9, he was to become a parent. By order of his 3rd grade teacher, he and the rest of his class were tasked with hatching a chicken egg.</p>
<p>	Harry, along with all the other young omegas in the class instinctually understood the magnitude of being responsible for bringing life into the world and were appropriately reverent of this lesson. Something that their teacher, Ms. Johnston, found equal parts amusing and adorable; to see the awe and seriousness on those little faces. The other children were less impressed. Ms. Johnston’s beta charges, ever the pragmatists— the trait that defined their dynamic— were wondering how they were to hatch an egg rather than taking a moment to appreciate that they were going to be responsible for a life. Surely Ms. Johnston didn’t expect them to sit on the egg until it hatched! That might be well and good for chickens, but that would get in the way of school and chores at home and playing! The young alphas mostly just wanted to go outside to play, to take in the simple pleasures the first warm day of spring could bring. Leaving thoughts and worries about school at the door. </p>
<p>	Children, Ms. Johnston mused, were truly capable of living in the moment, to not fret things past or worry of things to come. According to her introduction to religion teacher back in college, that was arguably the secret to happiness… she’s pretty sure that’s something he said in reference to some religion or another. Perhaps she should look over the notes she had so meticulously collected over the entirety of her own education, that she couldn’t bring herself to throw them away. It had been sometime since she had had to do any real research on anything substantive than how to make  a new pastry and she missed the pride in learning something new. Ms. Johnston pulled herself back to the present as passed out a fertilized chicken egg to the last child. Each child was given a special, insulated box with a tiny battery powered heat lamp attached.</p>
<p>	“Alright now everyone, you’ve each been given an chicken egg to hatch. Now part of this lesson is to see how well you can take care of not only the egg, but also the equipment that will give each egg the chance to hatch into a baby chick. If the egg or the equipment are damaged, then the egg won’t hatch. This is no small responsibility and I expect each and everyone of you to take this seriously,” Ms. Johnston stated in her sternest voice, eyes drifting over the class before landing on Dudley Dursley. She gave him an extra pointed look, knowing that unlike his cousin, the young alpha was likely not taking this lesson seriously. Like he did all her lessons. She knew Harry would try his best but, god love him, he was just never managed to do well in class. When she called on him, though he never rose his hand, he would sometimes have the right answer. But most other times had answers that sent the rest of the class into giggles at how wrong they were. And he always seemed to score a few points lower than his cousin, almost impressive. If she had known to look for it, she would have seen that Harry always correctly answered exactly 1 question fewer than his cousin.</p>
<p>	“You should all treat this egg as a pet, even if you can’t play with it just yet. As such, you will all be taking it home. Place your egg in a safe place, ask your parents where would be best, and check on its update frequently during the holidays. All of the eggs that are well taken care of should hatch near the end of the holidays, bring in the chick that hatches and we’ll take them all on a field trip,” at the mention of a field trip a shrieky shout rose from the excited children. After the class was quiet once more, Ms. Johnston continued, “a field trip to a nearby farm where the chicks can happily live out the rest of their days with other chickens.” As the final bell of the day rang and the children all started to pack up and head home for the holidays, Ms. Johnston shouted reminders to take care of the egg and have fun over the holidays.</p>
<p>	Harry exited the school alone, as none of the other kids had ever had the courage to befriend Dudley Dursley’s poorly dressed, seemingly stupid cousin. He was holding the egg and light contraption reverently, making sure to walk at a slow and steady pace when he heard his cousin’s obnoxious laugh. Harry’s head swung so fast to the source of the noise he could have gotten whiplash. Dudley had just turned the corner with his pack of miscreants, all of his friends were betas and all of them were bullies who followed Dudley implicitly. The lowest ranked friend who followed Dudley mostly so he wouldn’t be picked on by him was delegated the pack mule; he held everyone else’s eggs on  a tray. When Dudley locked eyes on his tiny, scared cousin his mouth curled into a malicious smile. There was a moment of silence that seemed to stretch on into eternity as Dudley’s childish pack waited for a cue to pounce on their frightened prey. Harry was the first to bolt, the movement spurred Dudley and all but one of his friends into action as Dudley let loose a shout of “HAPPY HARRY HUNTING!!!!”</p>
<p>	Harry, unlike his pursuers, was encumbered by his precious cargo and also generally malnourished. Running while not tripping and keeping the egg stable was slowing the normally fleet boy down. But he had a head start and was unknowingly tapping into the omega instinct to protect its young. These advantages allowed him to escape through a hole in the fence surrounding the school’s playground that only Harry and the younger kids could manage to squeeze through.  Dudley’s gang, realizing their prey had managed to evade capture, changed their direction to the gate to take the long way around the fence. By the time they got to the hole Harry had taken advantage of, Harry was half way to the park near his relatives house. Taking every shortcut that he knew, he reached the park out of breath but glad that his egg was safe. Harry went to the wooded area with a creek flowing through it that acted as border between the park and the neighborhood. The wooded area housed the occasional drifter, teens escaping the watchful eyes of their parents, and a clump of bushes. This clump of bushes was  Harry’s sanctuary, far more of a home in Harry’s heart than the cupboard under the stairs where he slept. In the heart of the bushes was a small open space that Harry had pruned open wider, somehow never being hurt by the sharp, thick thorns that the bushes were covered in. From all angles on the outside, one could only see bushes. On the inside of Harry’s natural bubble, Harry had scraped together old rags, clothes, and blankets to make his first nest. This tiny haven was sparsely decorated with shiny bits and bobs Harry had hung from the bushes’ branches that shined brightly from Harry’s magic. Harry had figured out during the hottest days of summer that he could control the temperature by thinking really hard, saving the child from heat stroke. Harry couldn’t do it everywhere, only places that he spent a lot of time: his nest, the cupboard under the stairs, and a little bit in the garden outside of number 4 Privet Drive. It wasn’t much, rags and junk in a bush, but it was Harry’s. This was his first nest, and this is the place that he would bring the first life he was responsible for into this world. </p>
<p>	It was only after Harry had settled down into his hidden nest that he looked down in horror that the lamp that was to warm his precious egg had fractured, probably when he had been climbing through the hole in the fence. He didn’t think he had jostled the egg apparatus that much, but apparently the escape hadn’t been as smooth as he had thought it was. He looked around frantically in his nest for something to help him, already clumping together some of the fabric that made up the bottom of his nest. His agitated mind was sifting through dozens of possibilities from making his nest really warm to switching his and Dudley’s lamp bulbs. Just as he was about to tumble into a full-blown panic, he spied in the underbrush of his bushes a toad. He and the toad stared at each other for a solid minute when Harry decided to capture the toad. He knew that toads laid eggs too and if he could convince the toad to sit on his egg, maybe it would be fine. Harry inched into the underbrush, softly pleading with the toad to hop into his outstretched hand but the toad just sat and stared. When Harry’s hand was a few inches from the toad Harry stopped.</p>
<p>	“Please Mr. Toad. My lamp broke and if I don’t keep this egg warm the chick inside will die!” Harry whimpered. “Please, if you sit on my egg until it hatches, I’ll bring you bugs everyday. You won’t have to search for food, I’ll feed it to you and you can just sit there. Just like my cousin,” Harry bargained with the toad. Harry was trying desperately to get this will to understand the urgency with will power alone. As the minutes ticked by, Harry felt a pressure building behind his eyes, but he didn’t dare look away from the toad. Finally the pressure broke and a moment later the toad hopped into Harry’s hand. Wriggling back into his nest, Harry placed the toad onto his swaddled egg.</p>
<p>	“Now Mr. Toad, this is a big responsibility you’ve taken on and I expect you to behave accordingly,” Harry said in his most serious impression of Ms. Johnston.</p>
<p>	“Ribbit,” Mr. Toad responded with a surprising degree of cheek. </p>
<p>	“That said, thank you very much and I promise to bring as many bugs as I can. Do you have any favorite bugs or food allergies?” Harry asked, feeling slightly reprimanded by the toad he had just drafted into watching the egg and then tried to lecture.</p>
<p>	“Ribbit,” Mr. Toad unhelpfully replied.</p>
<p>	“Right, well I have to get back home. The Dursley’s are heading out for vacation for the holidays and are giving me my list of chores for over the break. But I’ll be back everyday with bugs, like I promised. Thank you again, and I’ll be back tomorrow,” Harry called out while already leaving his nest. Harry thought he was leaving it in good hands…or paws… or whatever toads had.</p>
<p>	“Ribbit,” Mr. Toad croaked out in farewell.</p>
<p>Harry arrived at number 4 Privet Drive just as Vernon was about to holler for him to get his useless ass down stairs.</p>
<p>	“Where were you, boy? We told you to come home straight after school! We’ve got to get going soon and don’t need our vacation to be delayed because you were too stupid to follow simple directions,” Uncle Vernon griped.</p>
<p>	“Sorry, sir,” Harry replied weakly. His head downcast, arms tucked in, and trying to appear even smaller than he already was.</p>
<p>	“I doubt you are, you just want to make our lives more difficult than taking care of you already does. I’ll really take care of you when we get back, you hear me freak?!” the obese, angry alpha shouted.</p>
<p>	“Vernon, dear, we need to head out soon,” Petunia fretted, she didn’t like witnessing the interactions between her husband and nephew. She and Vernon agreed that a strong hand was needed to deal with such an ungrateful mongrel that was thrust upon her family. But her omega instincts to protect the young warred with her intense dislike of unnatural child.</p>
<p>	“Too right Pet, too right,” Vernon said to calm his skittish wife.</p>
<p>	“Now your chores are on the fridge. Only eat the food that has been labeled for you in the fridge. Do not bother Ms. Figg unless the house is in danger. DON’T ENDANGER OUR HOME. We’ll be back in a week, if there is so much as speck out of place in this house when we return there will be hell to pay. Be goo….well less bad while we’re gone,” Petunia lectured, her screechy voice grating on Harry’s nerves. </p>
<p>	Before Harry could even respond properly, his horrid family was out the door and onto their vacation. As their car turned the corner and drove out of sight, Harry let out a sigh of relief. A whole week without the Dursley’s!! Sure he still had chores and the only food they left him was week old Chinese take out that they had deemed “too ethnic” for their own consumption. But he could do the chores at his own pace and with breaks when he wanted them. And given the amount they had gotten, intending to feed Dudley and Vernon, it was probably more food than he would finish. Plus now if he went to the library, a favorite place of his since Dudley was a renowned bibliophobe, it would be out of his love of books and not from fear of his cousin. Which made library less bittersweet and just plain old sweet. And best of all, he had plenty of time to visit his egg.</p>
<p>	The week seemed to fly by and Harry loved every minute he was free from his family. He did as promised and brought Mr. Toad bugs everyday as the faithful sentry kept watch over his egg. It was on the last day of his break from the Dursley’s and the second to last day of his break from school when his precious egg began to hatch. Harry had brought a new book to his nest and was reading to his egg, and by proxy Mr. Toad who occasionally added commentary. Today he brought a book of reptiles, thinking that Mr. Toad and he could bond over a shared interest other than the egg. Maybe then Mr. Toad would have a better attitude.</p>
<p>	As the egg began to shake, Mr. Toad hopped off of his post for the first time in days. As the first cracks appeared in the egg, Harry held his breath eyes wide with wonder and excitement. He couldn’t wait to bring the chick into class to show Ms. Johnston. She was going to be so proud! When the egg shell finally cracked open and a head popped out, Harry was shocked. Instead of an adorable, tiny chick emerging from the white capsule, a blue snake slithered out of his egg. Harry and Mr. Toad sat frozen as the snake took in its surroundings before its eyes fell on Mr. Toad. Mr. Toad gave one last final ribbit of terror before he toppled over, quite dead.</p>
  </div>
  