
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Like most people there's a beginning to their fucked up back-story and for our first person it starts ten years ago October 31, the night that ended the ever looming chains covering magical and to an extent muggle Europe. The night Voldemort attacked the Potter family. The night Voldemort was killed. Or at least that's what it looked liked. Now in another less fucked up world Lily and James Potter died and their sole son Harry Potter live only to vanquish the Dark Lord once more. In this world they had twins, their oldest Harrison James Potter and his younger brother Charlus Fleamount Potter Jr. In this story Lord Voldemort kept them alive so that they could watch their children to die, then he'd have them be reunited. In a combined effort with the Potter twins and their mother's protection, Europe's worst dark lord was vanquished, at least temporarily. Unfortunately the oldest twin suffered backlash and grew to have an unstable magical core. In the end Potter family was forced to give up their heir temporarily to Lily's sister until his core settled, Even more unfortunate was that they trusted Albus Dumbledore to get their son there, which he did, but he didn't take how messed up the world was when he left a defenseless baby on a doorstep, in plain view nonetheless. So it wasn't much of a surprise when Petunia Dursely opened the door to put out the milk bottles and there wasn't anything on her doorstep. Between a cold October night and a chilly November evening Harrison 'Harry' J. Potter might as well have just disappeared into purgatory.</p><p>But that's not where this beginning ends my good people, why we're just getting started! Let me tell you the tale of child whom had no control of what horible despair happened, none at all but was still blamed! Now that sounds like it could describe a lot of people and yes, yes it does! But this is the unique tale of one Hermione Jean Granger and how her father blamed her for the death of his wife and his crippled condition! All at the age of two! It was tragic that Jean Emily Granger died after childbirth only having enough time to name her precious newborn.  Years later Hermione would be able to say that her life of tragedy and misery traced back all the way to her birth. Due to a situation out of her control Daniel Granger tried to keep his resentment towards his daughter at a minimum, key word - Tried. At 18 months the resentment and hate would increase ten-fold. While on the way to pay a visit to his family Daniel Granger had what Hermione's magic would declare as his last strike of neglect and abuse. In a failed attempt to get her father's attention for the umpteenth time, Hermione tried to do what always got his reaction:  act up. And so she did, her magic helping her by amplifying her cries and shattering the all of the car windows. In that moment Daniel Granger hit the breaks and in doing so caused a chain reaction that lead several other cars crashing into theirs. Daniel Granger was immediately taken to the emergency room where his legs were amputated and he was put into a medically induced coma for the next five months. Luckily (at least to the paramedics) his daughter was completely uninjured, physically at the very least. After this incident everything down spiralled, Daniel Granger developed paranoia that could rival that of Mad-eye Moody's, he was certain that his daughter was the devil reincarnated, and the strange people in weird robes who'd been following them and watching the house certainly didn't help. He did the only thing he could think of besides killing her, he sold her off. That's right he sold her to highest bidder. He might believe that he'd been doing good for her since he didn't kill her, but he might as well have. Because in that moment Hermione J. Granger died.</p><p>Now let me tell you the unfortunate story of one Ronald Billius Weasley. Now unlike his brother Hadrianus and sister Athena he'd known family love and happiness. Unfortunately like most good things it didn't last. He was born sixth in a family with all male children. He being the youngest was the center of his mother's attention. That didn't last long though, not even a year after his birth his mother was once again pregnant, unlike the others this was special ,special because this would be the one where his mother finally got what she wanted, a baby girl. Barely being a year old and already getting pushed to the side, but that's exactly what he was a year old, unlike his oldest  brother Bill who was already about to be in school and was already practicing magic,his brother Charlie who had his passion and hobbies to keep him occupied, his brother Percy who'd been the perfect, well-behaved son who knew that his mother needed to watch his baby siblings, his brothers Fred and George who like Hermione knew the only why to get attention from their brothers and parents was to act up, he didn't understand what was happening. Still you couldn't say he was unloved, slightly more neglect yes, but loved nonetheless. Now take a skip through time with me as we go two years after the birth of Ginny Weasley. Here we have three year old Ron standing in front of a broken toy broom clutching a small raggedy teddy bear, while being starred down by one of his twin brothers. One moment his favorite toy had been a cozy comfort item the next second a Brazilian salmon pink birdeater in it's place. Not even a minute later he'd run out screaming only for his magic to take effect and landed him on the outskirts of a shady nearby town. Can you blame him! The spider that was most likely bigger than his face! Now alone and terrified yet still brave and not entirely stupid, Ron did what he'd been taught to do when lost, he went to the nearest adult even though his instincts telling him to run. But alas as you know from Harry's story, the world we live in isn't a place for children, especially ones who weren't aware of that fact. What would transpire next would have spiders be the least scary thing Ron ever encountered. As he was being led by the adult who'd said he'd help  Ron Billius Weasley unknowingly took his last breath.</p>
  </div>
  