
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The gallery was fuller than usual, though most of its corridors were empty. The greatest number of people who had come had come to see a single painting, one that hung in the corner of the gallery, stark against the white walls. It was a painting by an artist who would come to dominate artistic circles, indeed this was their entry ticket. They were, of course, by no means unknown before, but they had lurked in the shadows, waiting and watching, lingering and learning. Now though, they had begun to unfurl themselves, started to stretch out their fingers from the dark and pour themselves onto a canvas. The people watched in silence. Confused as to how a mere painting could invoke such revulsion, such disgust and yet such awe, wonder, and astonishment? There was a simple beauty in every stroke, a true soul woven into the colours, a horror scratched into every corner. It was sublime and grotesque. A gorgeous portrait that wasn’t a portrait at all, for it was too personal to be that alone. There was too much of the artist to be a mere portrait of the sitter. It was almost erotic to sit and watch them, colours colliding and curling, dancing and delighting, entwining and engendering some new angel-demon that bowed down before God and kissed the hand of the Devil. People felt sick but could not look away from such sweet suffering. But if they had, they would have seen. They would have noticed the only two people who were not staring, the only two people who were not enthralled because they had seen this all before. A man with paint permanently ingrained in his fingertips sat on one side of the room, he was watching, with almost the same intensity as the people, a young man who sat across the gallery. A young man with Lichtenberg figures spread all the way down his neck, a young man who wrung his hands and twisted his fingers, which if people had gone and talked to him, or even just looked ever so closely, they would have seen were covered in tiny stinging cuts as though he had grated his fingers with such care. If they had looked closer still, they would have seen the products of the abusive lover that is art splattered all over his skin. Perhaps then they might have understood the lengths that fanatics will go to create sublime art.</p>
  </div>
  