
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p align="center"> A crash sounded outside and colorful sounding swearing drifted up after it. Familiar colorful sounding swearing. Harry heaved a sigh and rolled out of bed. ‘So much for a quiet day off.’ He paused, pushing his hands toward the ceiling and stretching till he felt something pop, before heading over to his closet. Better to go down and do damage control then leave them to sort it out themselves. Another crashed sounded and Harry shook his head, pulling a loose shirt on. Finger combing his hair and ignoring his shoes, he made his way out the door and down the steps. The cussing got louder as he got closer to the shop floor, but no one was in it when he rounded the last corner. Running a cursory glance over the shop, nothing broken that he could see, he barely paused as he made his way over to the partially open front door. ‘At least they remembered to take it outside.’ He pushed the door fully open and stepped out the see what foolishness his students had gotten into.</p><p align="center"> ---------------------------------------------------------------------</p><p align="center">Marco withheld a sigh, allowing his eyes to roll slightly heavenward. ‘So much for a quiet day in town.’ The day had started fine. Small groups from every unite had made their way over first, getting necessary supplies without scaring the town folk. Not every port town was equipped to handle a crew there size, nor where they all welcoming to pirates. Once the first groups had come back successful and with positive reports, shore leave was granted for those not on shift. They would stay docked off shore for a few days so everyone had a change for shore leave, then be back out to open see for another 3 to 4 months. Inventory had been completed and nothing on the ships need list was missing. Wages had been given and everyone knew to get anything personal first while that had the chance. Just because the plane was to stay a few days, didn’t mean that always happened. Such was the life of a Pirate ship on the sea. Shipmates mostly went out in groups or pairs, both to watch each other and to watch for any indication that they might have to leave early. No one wanted to be stuck on an island that was getting swarmed by Marines. Again.  </p><p align="center">Commanders split on who was going to shore and who stayed on the ship, Marco was usually in the latter group, but he’d been hit with a craving for dried dates about a month ago and needed to restock. He probably could have asked Thatch, but it wasn’t really a ship need so he’d have to get them himself. It would give him a chance to look around and see if anything caught his eye too. He wasn’t much for shopping if there wasn’t a need, but he’d found a really nice pen on an island in the South Blues once and an amazing fruit stand on one in the east that had only sold fruit from that island. He still had a bit of dried fruit from that island now that he thought about it. But he didn’t have any dates, so he’d set out to the shore with Thatch, Izo and Ace. Ace was still fairly new to the Commander roll on the ship, but he seemed to settle even more with them when the responsibilities of a whole unite were pressed on him. Marco was keeping an eye on him, as he did all the new Commanders, but so far Ace only seemed to thrive under that pressure. They’d all wondered up and down the square right off the port, Izo looking for a fabric store, Thatch looking for a few interesting bits that he’d seen when he came to restock the ships logger, Ace looking for the best eat spots. Usually with so many Commanders in a small area, the day was calm. Unless a Marine thought he could get lucky, but Marco and Thatch where pretty well know faces as Whitebeard Pirates so even then that Marine either had to be drunk or stupid. But first wave reports had stated that no Marines were currently on or near this island. So this should have been a smooth, easy walk around town. But Ace still had a bad habit of dine-and-dash. Ace had money, he was a Commander of the Whitebeard Pirates and for all he eat, he rarely spent money foolishly. Part of that was probably because he mostly ate on the ship and didn’t feel the need to buy many things, but he’d also once lead a crew of his own successfully. Ace knew how to manage his money, so he didn’t need to do any dine-and-dashes. But sometimes it was like he couldn’t help himself, like scratching an itch it was something he had to do. And is a lot of port towns, he got away fine. Years of dine-and-dashing had made it almost too easy for him and when he couldn’t or didn’t get away fast enough that face that he was Fire Fist usually to care of anything that his happy go lucky face didn’t.  But apparently Ace had picked to one bar on this island that had a cook who gave two shits who or what Ace was. Joy.</p><p align="center">Marco felt a headache forming; something that technically he couldn’t get due to his devil fruit, but that his siblings still managed to bring out from time to time. He did have to hand it to the cook, they may have been on an island in the New World but being about to use Haki was still something that not a lot of people who weren’t marines or Pirates did. Using it, he’d managed to get in a few good hits on Ace, who granted wasn’t fighting all out but it was still impressive. Picking up new recruits wasn’t really his thing, but maybe a cook that wasn’t afraid to land a hit on Ace would be useful on the ship. Casting a look at Thatch he was thinking the same thing. The boy, because he couldn’t be much older than 16 let out another colorful curse, that one had made Marco’s eyebrows rise, then jumped back to place some distance between them. He raised one hand, hissed something and where Ace had been standing previously was a long deep gash cut into the stone of the road and all the way up the side of the building he’d been in front of. Ace reformed just in front of Marco and, Marco paused and narrowed his eyes a little. Ace was bleeding. I was faint but just over the top of his arm, up toward his shoulder was a shallow gash. Something that Ace as a Logia fire user shouldn’t have, especially after reforming. Marco turned back to the cook, more cautious now, but also more interested. He’d never heard of a devil fruit that could do that. One’s that cut sure, but not ones that cut Logia users. He shifted slightly on his heels, still relaxed but ready to move if needed. The cook spit out another round of curses and raised his hand again. Marco tensed, then to door to the bar opened.</p><p align="center">-------</p><p align="center">Harry barely paused to taken in the situation. 4 men on one side of the street, one bleeding, his stupid student on the other and a gash in the road that would make Mrs. Title furious. He sighed again and rubbed a hand over his face. “Tony,” he started. Tony cut him off with a flapped hand, pointing at the bleeding man. “He tried to run off without paying shinsho!” Tony was red in the face, not out of exertion but out of anger. His blue eyes stood out sharply against the red and his hair almost blended in due to the short cut. He gave a pause and considered Harry. “Soke! You were going to stay in bed today!” Very loud his student was. “Stay in bed with all this noise, Tony.” He cut the boy a look “You’re making enough noise to wake the dead.” He pushed the door open further and fully stepped out. “Ah!” Tony’s face lost the redness, shifting instead to contrite and apologetic. He bowed sharply, almost smacking his head on the ground. “I sincerely apologias for the disturbance, Soke!” Harry waved a hand. “Maa, its fine Tony. I’ve been up for a while.” He took a step down to the road and made his was between the two groups. “What’s all the noise for?” He ran another glance over the group before half turning back to Tony. Tony turned red again, shooting up from his bow. “He tried to run off!” He pointed at the man who was now poking at the faint wound on his arm. “He ate half the store, passed out in his food twice and then left without paying!” Harry was starting to see a little purple creep into the red on Tony’s neck. “As if I would let him disrespect your home and business in such a manner!” Harry took another look at the group. The only familiar one was the tall man with the pompadour, Harry was fairly sure he’d seen him on Cali Street yesterday, but the other’s he’d never seen. Travelers he decided, sailors most likely but not Marines. They all looked fairly laid back, even after one of them had been attacked in the street. “And your solution to that was to run out into the street, cause a scene, wound a customer and cause property damage?” He asked Tony, a little sardonically. Tony was not his first student, but he was his most devoted. Maybe a little to devoted. Harry for all his power and experience was a man, he’d been born a man, lived as a man and Death willing one day he’d die like one. But Tony had somehow got into his head that Harry was some kind of God amongst men. Taking every word a gospel and demanding respect for him that Harry didn’t need or want. Looking at him now you’d never believe that this was actually toned down from how he’d started out. At least he didn’t follow him around with a little notebook anymore. Harry turned away from Tony; who was now curled up; face first in a corner tracking circles in the dirt, to face the man Tony had been attacking. </p><p align="center">‘Man’ may have been what he called him but ‘boy’ might have been more appropriate. He barely looked older then Tony did, with freckles littering his cheeks and shoulders that made him look even younger. His black hair curled around his face and full lips made him look delicate in a way that was offset by the pure muscle that was the rest of his body. Fully on display do to his outfit consisting of boot, shorts and a hat only. The orange haired pompadour’d man was beside him now, watching a little awed as the boy continued to poke at his arm. He was dressed more like a chef in all white. Beside him was a man in full geisha make up, hair and all, wear a beautifully elaborate two layered kimono. He was still facing Harry and Tony, on hand hidden in a sleeve, but his eyes were also on the freckled boy. The only one not looking at him was the blond man at the back of the group. He was staring straight at Harry. Harry felt something shiver across his skin at the look. Not fear, but something. The look in the man’s eyes was intense in a way Harry hadn’t seen since he’d left his old world. He looked like some of the creatures that Harry had met and befriended in his travels. One’s that weren’t totally alone in their heads, the creature part of them being something in the back on their minds that nudged them one way or the other. He felt like he could just see whatever was in the blond man’s head with him. Both peering out at the world through one set of eyes. Harry idly wondered if they liked what they saw. The man himself didn’t look like he had any creature in him. Blond hair buzzed close to his scalp, except for the top which flopped over a little. Purple shirt opened to show a tattoo of some kind, blue pants and sandals. He looked, not common really, but unassuming, at least compared to the look in his eye.</p><p align="center">Shaking himself, and ignoring the sound of Tony’s muttering, he took a step closer to the group. “May I?” He gestured to the boys arm. Kimono shifted slightly but no one else moved. “It’s the least I can do, considering my student caused the damage.” The boy shrugged and stuck his arm out. Harry took a few more steps closer and placed his hand on it. Distantly he noted that Kimono and Pompadour had both stiffened slightly when he touched the boy, but ignored it to focus on healing the cut. Wandless magic was something he’d learned before coming here, spending several years with a vampire coven had had many benefits apparently. Once he’d landed here it had taken some time to get use to the influx of energy around him, but after that it was as easy as breathing. There was so much wild magic here and no one really used it. Sure he’d met the occasional person who used a little, those who’d called it Haki, and technically devil fruit users turned themselves into a type of magical creature, but no one used it like his people did.  It took barely a thought for the blood that had spilt out to crawl back into the cut and for the skin to reform itself over it. Probably not the healing that had been taught in his world but for all the things he’d learned traveling, proper healing arts had never been one of them.</p><p align="center">He released the boys arm and took a step back, turning to focus on the cut in the wall and the road. “Violence, young one.” He spoke softly, “is not always the answer to life’s problems.” Tony sunk more into his corner, little mushrooms growing around him now. He sighed at him, shaking his head once more. He made his way over to Tony’s ‘Shame Corner’ and brushed a hand over his head. “One day,” he muttered to the boy, “you’re going to pick a fight with someone you can’t beat.” Tony just hunkered down harder, silently radiating disbelief at his works. Harry knew the disbelief wasn’t due to his own fight ability’s, but rather the belief that the magic Harry had taught him was unbeatable. Which to be fair, in most causes it would be.</p><p align="center"> Just because no one used the Magic around then didn’t mean they were unable. Everyone he’d met had fully developed cores, they just didn’t use them. So every student he’d taken on had no issue utilizing the skills he taught them, some had just done better in other fields. Tony had taken to battle magic like a duck to water and surprisingly to what were considered house hold charms as well. That’s one reason why Tony had stayed with Harry at his bar after his “training” was done. The other, bigger reason was Tony’s version of Loyalty which made Harry want to bet his head in. But he was a good boy and a good student. On Harry’s better days he was glad for the company that it brought him. On his worse he’d leave for the next island over and take it out on whatever wildlife hadn’t realized that he was the baddest thing in the jungle.</p><p align="center">Harry rolled his eyes again and made his way back up the steps to the bar. “No use in crying over it, just do better next time.” He heard Tony pop up with an excited cry, starting to go on about ‘wise words of incredible wisdom’ as he shouldered the door open. Glancing back he caught another glance at the look in the blond man’s eye. Whatever creature he was, it was still staring at him. Harry held the gaze until the door swung back shut, wondering if that would lead to problems. Creatures reacted strangely to him, some unable to stand him at first, then coming around as friends. Others seemed almost obsessed with him. Those either lost the obsession on their own or came up missing after a while. This being the first creature he’d met here that acted like creatures from his world he wasn’t sure how it would play out. “May I live in interesting times, indeed. “  He mutters, lightly tossing and catching the fairly heavy coin purse he’d flinched from the boy as he’d healed him. Violence, after all, was not always the answer. Especially when sleight of hand would do.</p>
  </div>
  