
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p align="center">-- 2016, The Year It All Started --</p><p>By the age of 10, Lia Watson and her younger sister, Josie Watson, were the only two members of their family left. There was an incident, and not much more than that is known to the masses, the North American government, both Muggle and Magic alike are very secretive about what happened, who was involved, and why these sisters were taken off of Ilvermorny's wait list. Lia, being rather resourceful for her age, and wanting to stay with her younger sister, wrote a letter to Hogwarts, asking if they could learn magic there, where it would be safe, they would just need a host family, and a plane ticket. Minerva McGonnagall, the headmistress at the time, could tell from the letter that the young girl was in need of a home and a fresh start. Minerva sent word to those she thought might house the two girls and waited for their responses before sending a letter back to the Canadian girls, saying that she would Floo with them soon, that they could go to Hogwarts when they were of age, and that they had plenty of homes to choose from, and could stay with whomever was the best fit for the girls. Minerva assured the girls that they would not be separated, and with that, the pickup date was set. </p><p>Minerva rarely used the Floo network anymore, and Flooing to a different continent was almost never done. She met the girls at their grandmother's house, where they had been staying since the incident. The girls, ages 8 and 10 said good-bye to their grandmother, and grabbed their 'go bags', as they had put it. <br/> "When we have an address, we'll send you a letter with an update, and you can mail us the rest of our stuff." Lia said, talking with her grandmother as Josie stood in front of the fire place. "Bye, nana." Lia added, gave her a long hug, then stood next to her sister. Minerva stepped into the fireplace, and Flooed to Hogwarts, Josie came out next followed by Lia. </p><p>Minerva lead the girls to the Great Hall where the families Minerva had contacted sat. As most of them were Gryffindors when they went to school many years ago, they were sat at the Gryffindor table with their tea and biscuits, their kids, on the other hand, were sat at the table next to the one their parents were at, Teddy was babysitting them, telling the young ones a story to keep their attention while the adults chatted. Josie stayed mostly behind her sister, the shorter blonde Watson girl wasn't the best with human interaction, her older, brunette sister knew this about her, and wasn't surprised when she ended up doing all the talking. Minerva cleared her throat upon coming up to the adults who all looked up at Minerva before smiling at the girls. Teddy paused in his story, but continued on when he saw that the headmistress didn't want his attention.<br/> "As you all know, these are the Watson sisters, Lia and Josie." Minerva introduced, looking briefly at the girls before looking back at her former students. "They're going to stay here this week, and will have a visit with each of you here within that time. A week today exactly, I will send a message to their family who will come here to pick them up." The adults all nodded and introduced themselves to the girls, and pointed out their children, well, all except Neville, who didn't have any children. At that time, he was also the only Hogwarts teacher of the bunch. <br/> Harry Potter was first to introduce himself, Ginny, James, Albus, and Lily, the three Potter children were all engrossed in Teddy's story. Harry also explained that Teddy was his godson, and that he stayed with them from time-to-time, but mostly lived on his own. Ginny chimed in when Harry forgot to mention that Lia and Albus are the same age, and the same was true of Josie and Lily.<br/> Hermione Granger-Weasley was next, introducing herself, Ron, Hugo, and Rose. She said that Rose is the same age as Lia. <br/> Neville Longbottom then introduced himself, saying that he was the Herbology professor at Hogwarts, and didn't have any kids or a partner. Lia and Josie weren't all that sure about how Neville would fare taking care of children as opposed to plants. They gave each other a look after he finished talking that didn't look too good. Neville was honestly just happy to be a part of the roster, and even if the girls didn't choose him, he would treat them respectfully and like any other student in class. <br/> Draco Malfoy was the last to speak; Harry, Ron, Hermione, Neville, and Ginny had all been a little surprised when they saw Draco and Scorpius walk into the hall, as they were now adults, they said nothing about their thoughts and treated him civilly, speaking to him like he was a person and not an ex-Death Eater, which he appreciated immensely. Draco introduced himself proudly, and pointed out Scorpius who was seated next to Albus, he smiled when he spoke about his son, who is also the same age as Lia, and mentioned that he was applying for the recently opened Potions Master position at Hogwarts, and that he would be talking to Minerva about taking it the year that Scorpius started Hogwarts as the current one was willing to keep the position for one more school year. Lia was a little worried about where Josie would stay if she wasn't yet a student but her guardian was a teacher, but she kept that to herself for the introductions; she would ask Minerva about it later. </p><p>A week later, Draco and Scorpius came back to the castle to pick up the girls. They had sent their letter to their grandmother, and most of their stuff was there already. Draco had put all of their things in one room, he knew it would all have to move when they moved in, but having it all in one place to start was good enough for him. Josie hadn't said a word aloud to anyone except her sister all through that week, some of the adults questioned if she could even speak to which she would nod, and Lia would explain that she would talk when she was more comfortable. </p>
  </div>
  