
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>In the last surviving town in the world, the entire population in an open field looks on as their Primordial God speaks '' I'm sorry but I no longer have the power to protect us ''.screams from the population as The god speaks '' Wait but thanks to the efforts of the noble families we have a situation ''. Everyone smiles until the god speaks '' this world won't happen but for it, I need to go back to when I was just human a wizard named Harry Potter and Not Harry Potter Master of Death Lord Of House Potter and Black and Emrys ''. The People whisper as Harry says '' Which means the future won't exist but for that, I ask for the power ''. The People nods as they live only because of Harry </p><p> </p><p>Flashback<br/>
Thousand of years ago Harry screams as he enters his Manor with Ginny running in '' What's wrong love ''. Harry growls '' The bastards said no ''. Ginny sighs as she says '' we seen an increase of Obscurial and still they won't remove Muggleborns from the Muggles ''. Harry growls '' worse they are trying to get the statue of secrecy removed ''. Ginny screams and says '' Let's take them all and gather allies and go to are families islands ''. Harry sighs and says '' I'll contact Nevile and Draco we can begin buying and Warding Islands then within ten years we can make our move ''.<br/>
Flashback ends<br/>
Harry thinks '' Good thing we did for twenty years later the Muggle lunch a nuclear attack on the earth but thanks to them we lived ''. Harry sighs and says '' I will go back to a week before I got the letter allowing me to gather allies and Defeat Dumbledore and The dark lord ''. Cheers from the population as they nod and Harry says '' I'll need your Magic and souls for the spell do I have it ''. Nods as Nevile and Ron walk over and says '' You gave us your mark but as you know us alone isn't enough all your marked serve you but you hold this world together when the endless left after Voldemort left ''. Harry nods and says '' I know which is why I will offer Voldemort to become the New Hades god of the Universe as it was originally but he will say no and as death, the afterlife and some other things are mines I will rule that ''. Nevile nods as he says '' You hold all the divine power since you're recreating the gods well we may be able to create the wards that protected us before the Muggles made a deal with the false prophet releasing Demons ''. Harry nods and says '' I'll unite the entire wizard world under me and whoever is the new gods we will ward us and bring in squibs and Muggleborns allowing us to find any kind parents and with the magic taken I shall bring our population to the billions I'll create towns and give the lords more power uniting them under me and perhaps we can stop Avalon destruction allowing King Arthur and his knights to return<br/>
one day''. The people sigh in sadness as they bow their head and begin their ritual while waiting for Harry watches his mark-making sigils with tears in his eyes Harry starts his side of the ritual and chants (Mina olen Surmasisand, kes kutsub üles kogu mu väe, et Avada ajaskaala, mis ma saadan oma meele, keha ja hinge ja maagia minevikku, et seda maailma ma loovutan oma Mark ja inimeste hinged, et seda teha ühe tõelise Jumala teenistuses, kes on läinud sellelt maailmast, kes lahkub lõputu, kes lahkus ma Pakun igavikulisest jutlust surma meister ja vanduda, et alati edasi oma kohustusi nii Mote see olema )( I the Master of Death the last god summon all my power to open the timeline I send my Mind, Body and Soul and magic into the past to right this world I surrender my Mark and People's souls to do so in service of the one true God who's gone from this world leaving the endless who left I offer eternity servitude as Death's master and swear to always forward his duties so Mote, it be ) ( that get's repeated in every lanuage that has ever been created ) White starts pouring out of everyone as Harry looks at his hand which was slowly becoming smoke above him a rip in time appeared. Harry says to the noble bloodlines which their's ten of each line even his '' Your Family Magic call it so I can offer that as another incentive ''. Nodding from the ten thousand as the family totems come over with Screams Harry absorbs the power and knowledge that every family has ''. Coughing Harry sighs when the wards to the town fall. Looking at the demons Harry turns to smoke rising into the rip closing but with two souls following with wings like the sun following. </p><p> </p><p>History change </p><p>James with his wand was throwing spell after at the dark lord who was growling when Peter walks in James distract gets hit by Crucio<br/>
Voldemort smirks after a minute and says'' You should have knelt before me ''. Peter laughing follows after spitting on James's body who was shaking. Voldemort moves up the stairs not noticing one of the souls enter James's body shaking he stands as he heals instantly with a growl he sneaks up the stairs to the sound of screams James shaking slowly gets up the stairs and transfigures a dagger shaking his head he stabs Peter in the head killing him. Voldemort hearing the crumble turns quickly '' AVA...'' James threw the dagger as Voldemort was turning the dagger falls through Voldemort's chest causing him to gasp and fall to his knees when James made a mistake he watch as Voldemort screams and yells '' AVADA KEVARDA '' James eyes wide gets hit killing the first soul instantly falling to the ground. Voldemort gasping turns to yell '' AVADA KEVARDA ''at the child right as the curse touches the future he combines with his past self causing a backlash which made Voldemort scream as his body turns to ashes leaving a wraith. Dark eyes as the wraith scream and leaves the room. NO NO a Man says seeing the body of peter falling to his knees he sees James laying in front of him gasping he screams ''James James no '' Sirus goes to check on lily when the body move. Sirus gasping hears crying from the nursery '' HARRY ''. Sirus jumping to his feet sees the robes of the dark lord and Lily on the ground shaking. Sirus runs over to Harry who's crying '' Shh shh its ok Padfoot got you ''. lifting him up Harry crying as Sirus pulls out his wand as footsteps come up the stairs Sirus whispers '' Epliskey '' the Blood instantly stops as Snape comes into the room pointing the wand at Sirus he says '' Was it you '' Sirus shakes his head as Snape sees Lily moving screams ''LILY'' Lily shakes awake gasping whispers '' Sevie '' Snape smiles as he casts a Scanning spell and diagnosing charm which shows a slight pain from crucio nothing more. James groans Hagrid runs up the stairs going to enter he sees James moving entering the room he says '' Give him to me ''. Sirus shakes his head and says '' if I would have given him to anyone it would be James ''. Hagrid goes to speak but stops as James says '' its cool Hagrid Dumbledore probably thought we were dead when the charm went off''. Hagrid nodding as he steps back and sees Voldemort's clothes smiling '' Sirus you did it ''. Shaking his head '' No I was late ''. Hagrid looks at Lily then James shock as he sees them on the ground slowly turning to Harry saying '' Harry he beat Who must not be named ''. Sirus nods as Hagrid screams '' I'll tell Dumbledore ''. James looks around and says '' We need to go back to the manor this placed isn't safe ''. Lily grunts as she says '' OK OK I never should have insisted''. James smirking looks at Snape and says '' So you were his spy .. Come on ''. Snape nods slowly looking at James as they gather stuff for the child and use his portkey to teleport them to the Manor. Severus groans and says to Lily '' You mean the reason you almost died is that you were uncomfortable at the manor ''. Lily red-faced nods Snape growls and says '' So if the child died it would be because you were uncomfortable ''. Tears in her eyes Snape leaves and says '' Can we talk later ''. James nodding as Lily goes to her room with tears draining from his eyes. James growls as Sirus he froze and says '' We have to go to the Ministry ''. Sirus frowns in confusion as he asks '' What ''. James walking over to a cabinet and opens a box holding rings blinks and sighs putting the ring on gasps as the power of the power flows through him as Sirus looks on with a frown. James blinks at Sirus saying '' You didn't come back did you ''. Sirus concerned '' What are you talking about Prongs and why did you take up your family ring  ''.  James sighs and says '' Let's go down the list okay the ministry''. Sirus nods as he blinks asking '' What ?" James looks at Sirus growling '' Think we didn't tell anyone that we switch secret keepers ''. Sirus blinks then his eyes go wide '' Since the dark lord dead .'' James shakes his head '' No his soul still out ''. Sirus blinks as he says '' What do you mea... No you mean to tell me he created Horcruxes ''. James nods and says '' That's why I got my ring`''. Sirus confused again as James says'' The death eaters you know they will say '' Imperious or something only the most loyal will go to Azkaban the others will bribe ''. Sirus growls jumping to his feet ready to race as he says ''  We need to make certain that doesn't happen ''. James screams '' Think how even with the ring she gains more money to accept a bribe meaning it would take all the votes to get her off and considering some are death eaters ''. Sirus sighs as he says '' She won't get off ''. James sighs praying and says '' We need Power Sirus and I need leverage ''. Sirus eyes wide '' No I won't I would .'' James interrupts '' Either you do it or they go free and it will be Harry your Godson who pays the price ''. Sirus frowns as he screams and says '' I'll check but mother blasted ''. James growls and says '' Your Mother is not the Head of your family that is your grandfather ''. Sirus sighs and says'' I'll ask for a meeting ''. James nods and says '' With the fame, you get from the Ministry and with the power, we will get from the heads of the other families in prison we could leverage your grandfather to surrender it and you could point out under anyone else and the house of black will have no power ''. Sirus smirks as he nods thinking he needs to act more Slytherin as James says '' And hey think about this you could blast Your Mother and Father off the family tree ''. Sirus laughs as James says '' You can kick out your cousin Bellatrix and bring back Andromeda '' Sirus frowns as he asks '' Why, not cissy '' Sirus says in confusion '' Why not '' James smiles and says '' Two reasons one she is pregnant'' Sirus eyes wide as James says '' Okay three two is that think about it how would Lucius feel if you control his Wife, Son, and House, Money hell where he will live if he somehow gets off ''. Sirus burst out laughing as James smiles and says '' Third don't forget for all Cissy could have done before she was married did she do it '' Sirus frowns and shakes his head when it dongs on him '' The contract it could have bound her to him ''. James nods and says slyly and cruelty '' And will you ready leave a pregnant woman defenseless ''. Sirus growls at James and says'' Find I will make certain to get the house ''. James smiles as he thinks he needs Sirus to take this seriously to help his Son '' Sirus everyone will I need you to do something ''.  Sirus eyes wide nods as he says '' Anything ''. James pulls out a paper and casts''  Mentis  Charta '' (Make the oath from my mind to paper ) Sirus eyes wide as he sees James cast a family spell but feels his mind becomes hazy and suddenly he thinks '' Wow he wrote that quick''. James hands the paper over which Sirus reads eyes wide asking '' Is it serious '' James nods making Sirus nod and says '' I Sirus Orion Black swear on my Life, Soul, Magic to always protect my godson and I allow James to put a memory into my head ''. Golden light comes around him as Sirus takes out his wand and says '' So mote it be ''. James points his wand at Sirus and says ''  Condono  Futurus Memoria. ( I share future memories  ) Sirus shakes as he sees the future shaking eyes wide he looks around and sees himself on his knees shakily he stands and says '' James ''. James smiles sadly and hugs Sirus as he cries and says '' My son went through all that we must stand aside him ''. Sirus sighs and says '' We need the sheep to follow meaning '' James '' We have to... Oh no ''. Sirus frowns for a moment and says '' Crap the balance all that power to the past now the dark lords of this time will probably gain a boost ''. James nods and says '' Harry will have to fight 100s of dark lords before the demons and that within the next 500 years ''. Sirus frowns as he says ''  Okay we need to make certain the laws that gave them power is gone ''. James shakes his head and says '' Don't forget they will fight at the dark lords' sides because of the balance meaning we need to change a few laws allowing Britain to have a balance ''. Sirus nods and says '' After this and we leverage the Minister we need someone who will do right ''. James nods as he thinks sighing '' We need a neutral Minister but we need him not from the lord's chamber ''. Sirus nods and says '' I'll have Cassiopeia do her thing ''. James laughs as he nods and says '' If you give her permission to research and create she will be on your side ''. James makes a face as he says '' Now Snape ''. Sirus makes a face too as he says '' He is an awful teacher but he knows his potions.. ''. James eyes wide say'' Businesses what if we create jobs allowing Muggleborns and half-bloods to have more choices and money ''. Sirus' eyes were wide as he says '' We could create businesses and make us money and spread it out through the houses we would've gain ''. James nods as he says '' I'll Do any business to do with Potions and Wards and charms you do Spell crafting, Runes ''. James nods as he says '' Lily could do some of it and we Have us create stores that make Maps of The magical world with pranks and defense and we sell the maps and defense to The ministry and Dumbledore and we could use our knowledge ''. Sirus nods as pride goes through him as he prepares to take over the wizarding world with his brothers' Prongs and Moony ''. James smiles as Lily comes down and says '' I'll work with Severus on potions and spell crafting ''. James nods as he says '' We bring him in and we would finance his business ''. James nods as he says '' Okay we take Political than business who should be in charge of that '' Lily eyes wide says '' The goblins ''' James and Sirus nods as Lily says '' We give them 20 percent of the shares and profits exchange we have them set it up and make us money ''. James smiles as he asks Sirus '' You think you could have your Grandpa put wards on the manor and then all the other properties and future lands we would own exchange for Alliance between our family and eternal friendship ''. Sirus eyes wide nods and says '' We could have them make wards a business ''. James nods as they start talking when he says '' We could have Moony work as our family tutors along with Snape and Minvera ''. Sirus nods as he says '' We could also have him manage the company of Marauders ink ''. James laughs as he nods and says '' We have to smart about it ''. Sirus nods and says'' Well I better move quickly if we want the plan to work ''. James nods and says '' I'll go to the ministry and get you free allowing this to happen ''. Sirus gets up and leaves with James following with Lily smiling at James turning he says '' Minny '' POP Minny the hous1e-elf eyes wide as Lily says '' I want you to find and hire all free elves and have them fix the family property and lands and all rooms in the manor ''. Minny nodding rapidly giggles as she leaves to begin ''. Lily spins as she leaves the room back to the nursery to watch her son.</p>
  </div>
  