
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Malfoy Manor was wilting. It had started slowly. Draco had been walking through a corridor on the first floor without purpose or destination in mind when he’d noticed a curve in the arm of a wall sconce that he hadn’t seen there before. In fact, all the sconces in the hallway had it; a dejected slump. Just a lapse in his knowledge of the Manor, he thought. After all, it wasn’t as though taking careful note of the wall fixtures had been his top priority in recent years. Maybe an original had been damaged and couldn’t be repaired or replaced for whatever reason, so his parents had bought all new ones that happened to be a touch more dismal. That was all the thought he gave to it, at first. Then the doors had become uncooperative. They swelled in their frames, stuck and warped and scraped across the floor, hinges complaining. Draco had sent Mimsy, the house elf he’d inherited from the Lestrange Estate, after them with a jar of powdered Shushabye root. But, they only developed a new habit of slamming closed when he left them unlatched, or opening slowly to let in draughts. Then there were the curtains. Draco had meandered, barefoot and clinging to his housecoat, into the larger of the two formal dining rooms, only to see Mimsy daubing frantically at the curtains. They had shriveled. A dull brown discoloration had eaten into the rich gold brocade curtains, climbing nearly a third of the way up their length.</p><p>“What’s wrong with them?” Draco asked, looking around at the roomful of moldering fabric.</p><p>“I is not knowing, Master Malfoy,” Mimsy said, patting more Gilfrey’s Gentle Silk-Safe Stain Remover onto the once-bright fabric, “It is not me doing it.”</p><p>“Oh, never mind,” Draco said, waving a hand, “I’ll just have them replaced.” Only, he never did. He never seemed to find the will or energy to take himself to Diagon Alley. These days, he rarely had the desire to leave his bedroom. Maybe it showed in his writing, because his mother’s letters had taken on tones of increasing concern.</p><p>‘You are of course welcome to join us any time,’ The most recent one had read, Draco crouched over a writing desk that felt as though it had shrunk by a decent ten percent, ‘The Mediterranean air is doing wonders for your father’s health, and the gardens at the cottage are in full bloom.’ They had gone to the smaller French estate after the trials to escape the unpleasantness lingering in Britain, and in the hope that the change in climate would benefit his father’s flagging health. Either out of pride or sheer indifference, Draco had not accompanied them. He was still not sure which.</p><p>‘I appreciate the offer, Mother,’ Draco had written back, ‘However, someone should remain in Wiltshire to keep an eye on the estate.’ The Manor did not seem to be benefitting much from his stewardship, however. A week or two after the affair with the curtains, a horrible miasma crept into the house. The air felt thick and fetid, smelling of dank earth and mold. It stole the gleam out of the polished wood floors and settled over the windows in a haze, refusing to let more than a few watery beams of sunlight past the glass. The furniture all became impossible to get truly comfortable on.</p><p>“Can’t you do anything about that, Mimsy?” Draco asked, staring listlessly at the floor of the drawing room, which had adopted a greyish tinge.</p><p>“Mimsy is polishing the floors three times yesterday,” The elf said twisting the hem of her dishtowel apron, “But it stays.”</p><p>“Oh, it’s not your fault,” Draco sighed, moving to sprawl on the loveseat, “Don’t obsess over it. I doubt that will help anything.”</p><p>When Pansy returned from her eight-month sojourn in Milan, Draco entertained his first guest in just as long. School friends though they had been, Draco was not so casual that he’d let her see him at his worst. He wasn’t that far gone. So, he showered and put on a nice dove grey silk shirt and put a real effort into fixing up the rooms where he’d be entertaining her. But no matter how many cleaning charms he shot at the windows and floors, or how much of Mrs. Skower's Magical Mess Remover he scrubbed into the hearth, the downstairs sitting room remained resolutely gloomy. He managed to make the floor adopt a greasy sort of shine, and the sofa had stopped looking like one good bounce would do it in after the third mending charm, but he’d really had to try.</p><p>“What’s the matter with it?” Pansy asked with indelicate disgust as Draco led her from the entry hall into the sitting room, “It wasn’t this bad when I left. Have you lost control of your elf or something?”</p><p>Draco gave her a cool look as the teapot floated off the tea tray Mimsy was carrying and poured each of them a cup of fragrant Darjeeling. A silver tower of dainty finger sandwiches and French pastries hovered to land at the center of the small table. He lifted the china cup to his lips and took a sip. The tea, at least, was as good as it had ever been. It smelled like a flower garden after a rain and tasted like a soft spring evening. “Hardly,” He said at last, but then a bit of helplessness slipped out without his permission, “I have no idea what’s the matter with it. Nothing I do seems to help. It’s only getting worse. I’d write to Mother about it, but I don’t want to worry her. She has more than enough to cope with already.”</p><p>“Maybe she should worry,” Pansy said, unruffled by either Draco’s disapproval or his subsequent emotional outburst, taking a sip of her own tea, “This place looks like it’s starting to rot away. Maybe she would know what to do about it.”</p><p>“I know the history of my own house,” Draco said, scowling, “There’s not a single record of anything like this happening in any of the estate’s records. One thousand years of pristine accounts I searched through, and this is unprecedented.”</p><p>“Have you asked anyone else, then?” Pansy asked, sparing one distasteful glance for the carpet, which had developed a sickly hue and a few rolls that refused to be coaxed down, “You can’t live like this.” Draco hadn’t. So, after enduring an hour of Pansy’s critical perception, he resolved to go to an expert on the restoration and maintenance of old wizarding houses in Diagon Alley on Monday. Except Monday was grey and dismal, Tuesday was worse, and when Wednesday brought sunshine, Draco just couldn’t bring himself around to the idea of getting dressed and parading himself down a sure-to-be-bustling street, facing the disgust he was sure to receive. He just didn’t need it. So, he stayed home instead, pretending to read a book in the musty library and sending hexes at the Vampiric Moths that fluttered threateningly close to his ears. He put a cursory sort of effort into looking for the nest but couldn’t find it. Then he sent Mimsy to find it, but her search hadn’t turned up anything either. Draco locked up the library after that and resolved to deal with the problem tomorrow, when he had just a little more energy.</p><p>Drifting through indistinguishable night and day a week dragged into a month, and one month multiplied to two. His mother’s letters kept coming of course, and he answered them, and occasionally Pansy would come to visit and criticize the state of the furniture or the shine of the silverware, but for the most part little changed. The house seemed to slump lower and lower in its foundations, but Draco stopped caring. There was no one around to impress. The library was unbearable these days, but Draco didn’t ever really feel like reading. Mimsy kept on cleaning, and the food looked as nice as ever, but even if it hadn’t, he didn’t think it would have made much difference. Nothing appealed to him, anyway. Mimsy fretted and tried to ply him with little glasses of mulled wine and mugs of thick, spiced drinking chocolate. She put warming pans in his bed every night, slipped tonics into his bath, and would sometimes leave a particularly nice and freshly pressed set of his robes hanging on the hook in his room in a way she must have hoped was enticing. Sometimes Draco would even force down the drinks or put the robes on, just to stop her from peering nervously at him for a little while. But he was never in the mood for the drinks, and he had nowhere to wear the robes to. Nowhere he wanted to go, at least. He was only waiting. For what, he wasn’t sure. For his parents to come back, though their stay in France didn’t seem to be coming to an end anytime soon. Until everyone had forgotten about him, maybe, however many decades that would take. Or perhaps for the house to give up and swallow him whole, subsume him into the peeling wallpaper and stained grout. It was all fine, all good enough for him and more than he probably deserved. So, Draco let it continue without any further intervention—until the Boggart.</p><p>The third-floor sitting room had once been his favorite room in the house. He rarely visited it these days. But on a whim, wandering about the house in a night shirt, he drifted in. Considering the state of the rest of Malfoy Manor, it really didn’t look too bad. The walls were still spotless, painted a pretty shade of powder blue, framed with intricate crown molding. Huge windows overlooked the gardens and the forest beyond. The furniture was all Regency era: cream brocade with dark carved wood and gold fittings. The floors had dulled a little as they had in the rest of the house, but the antique grand piano, with its gold-leafed reliefs of flowers and greenery, and its sly wooden legs carved to look like a dragon’s feet, stood impressive as ever.</p><p>It had been years—years! —since Draco had so much as touched the thing, but between the age of six and the summer after his fourth year, his parents had hired a tutor for him. Once upon a time he had been quite good, until other, darker pursuits had claimed his time and his hands. He stared at it, considering the dragon ivory keys with their opalescent patina, carefully cultivated by hundreds of years of use under his family’s fingers. The instrument had a lovely voice, too, with strings made of copper-wrapped dragon heartstring, and the whole thing was goblin-made. It was probably one of the most expensive things in the house. Beautiful and irreplaceable, gleaming in the pale sunlight. Draco stared at it for a span of minutes, until his eyes grew tired of it, then he looked away, across the estate’s dark forests and gardens, overgrown now and starting to go to seed. He should hire someone to look after it, even if it would mean paying a premium to win them over to working on the Malfoy Estate. Once it would have been a choice position, to be head gardener to an old wizarding family of good name. Though, of course, that was the problem, wasn’t it? The Malfoy name wasn’t so good anymore.</p><p>Draco walked over to the chaise lounge and tipped himself onto it, sending up a puff of dust from the velvet as he landed. He was settling in for another long, grim brood about the mistakes he’d made, the confused tangle of emotions he felt about his father, the things he’d done and almost done and hadn’t done during the war and his feeling of utter hopelessness about the days to come when the sound of hinges creaking roused him. Automatically, he looked towards the door, but it was closed, as he’d left it. A cold, crawling terror wriggled in at the base of his skull and slid down the length of his spine, setting every hair on his body standing on end in its wake. With slow, certain dread, Draco turned to look at the piano. A pale, slender hand was pushing up the cover. Then an arm in a tight black linen sleeve followed the hand. A shoulder. A head. Draco’s heart was in his mouth as he scrambled backwards, over the back of the chaise lounge, stumbling over himself, dizzy with terror but unwilling to turn away from the thing that was crawling out of the piano. Gaunt, bloodless, lank-haired and staring at him with awful, empty eyes but still unmistakable as she dragged herself forward on skeletal hands: his mother. An Inferius.</p><p>He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t move. At least, not until her fingers were reaching out towards his ankle. Then suddenly, he could. With a mad burst of movement, Draco leaped out of the creature’s reach and bolted for the door. He was just a moment too slow in reaching it, in closing it, to miss seeing a second hand reaching out of the piano. He slammed it shut, grabbed his wand from his sleeve and leveled it at the lock, “Colloportus!” The spell flashed and the door locked with a click. Breathless, cold sweat beading on his brow and breaking out all down his back, Draco collapsed against the wall of the corridor, stunned. And then the fear was breaking, bubbling over into overwhelming guilt and loathing and loneliness and misery, and Draco put his head into his arms and shook with silent sobs. That was how Mimsy found him fifteen minutes later, and she helped him up to bed, and brought him a calming draught, and under its influence Draco fell asleep.</p>
  </div>
  