
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <h5>Winter 1991</h5><p>“Severus”, Charlie’s voice cracked unexpectedly and reminded the Potions Master of some of his students fighting through puberty, but he cleared his throat and continued in the awkwardly flat tone of someone who was trying to sound neither high nor low pitched, “Your rat’s here.”</p><p>“How many times have I told you, Burbage?”, Severus squinted at his scales and nudged another piece of diced cambinip in his careful attempt to get to 50 grams exactly, voice low to prevent disrupting the scales with his breathing, “Scabbers belongs to the Weasley boy.”</p><p>“Hm-mm”, a roll of parchment rustled at one of the desks in the Potions classroom as Charlie graded an essay, “Those cat wards put themselves up all on their own, did they?”</p><p>“I need to keep Mrs. Norris from getting to the salmon eyes”, Severus gave the sea water in the cauldron an anti-clockwise stir and settled in to wait for the five minutes of simmering on low heat to tick by. The drawback to experimental tweaking of established brewing instructions was that the sheer number of variables took a while to rule out, but Professor Burbage’s rather hesitant request for assistance in finding a partially stabilizing Transmogrification Potion had stoked a curiosity that was stubbornly insisting on being thorough. The first brewers had only been intent on stabilizing the full body Transfiguration and maintaining the supportive enchantments to keep the drinker in their desired form for a full month, but this made the Transmogrification heavy handed for anyone wanting less than the full package. It had taken almost a whole month of stammering, blushing, and dragging each admission and clarification out of - <i>Charlie, not Charles</i> - to find out that he wanted to adjust his voice without the pain of phantom cramps, mood swings, or other side effects of trying to leave the rest of his body alone.</p><p>“Rowena help me”, Charlie muttered at a particularly haphazardly scrawled essay. He refilled his quill with bright red correction ink and boldly crossed out a whole paragraph, conversationally explaining why to the brown rat sitting on the edge of his desk cleaning itself, “Communicators are a fictional device and should not be included in the list of predecessors to the handheld mobile phone, Scabbers. Anyone who read the instructions on the syllabus would know I wanted an essay on the history of the telephone without Star Trek references.”</p><p>Severus couldn’t quite pitch his voice high enough to perfectly mimic the theme music, but he’d taken to humming the opening notes of Doctor Who after his fellow professor brought up telephones. The wizard stiffened and then scowled at Severus for doing so now. In his first year of teaching Muggle Studies, Professor Burbage had made the mistake of introducing cultural and artistic topics in the fall and the historical and scientific topics in the spring. Unfortunately for Charlie, this led to an inter-House prank involving the characteristic telephone box as the Tardis (Ravenclaws), an incredibly accurate army of daleks capable of minor dueling created from a menagerie of Transfigured found objects (Slytherins and Gryffindors), and a stirring rod that’s never been the same since it was the screwdriver for a few weeks (Hufflepuffs). The other Heads of the Houses were a little more on guard in the spring term but didn’t like to directly ask Charlie about the incident, while Severus chose to periodically keep him on his toes.</p><p>“I think you’ve put him a mood by not saying hello to him first, Scabs”, Charlie shooed the rat from where he’d started nibbling on the edge of someone’s roll of parchment, and it didn’t take him long to scurry off the desk and make his way to the front of the class where Severus was working at the demonstration table. He’d been wary of approaching ever since that damn three-headed dog had gotten a swipe on Hallowe’en, and Severus suspected whatever was in its saliva that limited what Madam Pomfrey could do to heal his leg was also making Scabbers nervous. It was either that or he had developed an aversion to something else he could still smell on Severus’ robes, and other than a little chat with Quirrell, he hadn’t done much other than organize his personal ingredients storage and poke at this Transmogrification experiment today. Despite his own misgivings on why the shy man had taken a year off for Dark Arts studying in the field, Quirrell had taught Muggle Studies before Burbage took over, so Severus doubted the rat had suddenly forgotten one of the staff.</p><p>“Mind the knives”, Severus slowly added the diced cambinip to the cauldron and let the pale white taproot sink to the bottom before stirring once clockwise. Scabbers ascended the table leg and sniffed along Severus’ left wrist before checking out the bottles and notes spread along the work table. It had made Severus uncomfortable when the rat initially did that and focused so intently on his left arm, but Minerva had explained that Dark magic, including his immobile and faded to a grey Dark Mark, has a particular smell for animals. Much to his surprise, the best way she could translate the description from a feline perspective was ‘mulchy like the undergrowth in a forest, but an ancient old growth one’. Given how sensitive rodent noses were, Severus couldn’t blame the creature for its curiosity, and after years of Percival bringing him to Hogwarts, it had transformed into part of Scabbers’ greeting. The rat was far more affectionate than he’d expected a rodent to be, but he’d also been caught off guard by its cleanliness, having never known a rat could spend several hours in a day grooming much like a cat would. It had been in the midst of an awkward dance of trying to dislodge a grooming rat from his lap in the staff break room that Silvanus had casually mentioned it was a sign of trust, and unfortunately, the Care of Magical Creatures professor hadn’t been hit in the head recently so he wasn’t spouting nonsense. Even a well placed threat about chopping Scabbers’ tail off to add to the storeroom inventory of rat tails hadn’t been able to drive the rat away, but the surly Potions professor hadn’t had the heart to follow through, though he did still occasionally wonder why he let the rat visit, “Scabbers, sniffing round the belladonna juice could knock you out.”</p><p>Severus shooed him off the open text discussing cauldron materials and their latent magical affinities before Scabbers could start gnawing on the pages. Many beginning brewers thought the cauldron materials were only relevant to the types of fires and temperatures needed for brewing a particular potion (if they even realized there were more choices than the standard pewter), but he’d been wondering if the Transmogrification would be more stable with a bronze cauldron. Or perhaps the plummeting temperatures outside were simply putting him in a bronze mood? That had been hard to describe to his university advisor, gravitating towards certain cauldrons as the seasons changed. A squeak near his elbow drew Severus’ attention to Scabbers, who had carried a common toad egg from the bowl of the prepped ingredients. He’d been debating reducing the amount of common toad eggs so the temperature could be increased, but altering too many variables in a brew made it hard to figure out which worked and this brew was based around adjusting the cambinip. He was quite certain the rat couldn’t read his notes, but he had moments where he wasn’t sure when it would do something clever like this. Severus gave Scabbers a scratch behind the ears for his efforts, “Those have to wait until it’s done simmering unless you want an explosion, and it would spoil Burbage’s day to have to scrape you off the walls.”</p>
<h5>Yule 1991</h5><p><i>Ah, silence</i>, Severus took a sip of his hot chocolate and settled into the armchair before the fireplace in his private quarters. The castle had emptied considerably for the winter holidays, and it was a relief to not have to deal with the students for a little while. He still had to be presentable for meals, but otherwise, there was nothing stopping him from lounging in a faded t-shirt and sweats while avoiding today’s allotment of essays to grade for just a little longer. Neither Severus’ office nor his room were what the other staff would call festive, but the only fond memories he had of the holidays were from the times he’d stayed at Hogwarts (Christmas meant a bonus which meant more money for bottles which meant a drunk Tobias through the New Year). A poinsettia he had Preserved rather than risk it dying sat on the mantle - a gift from Pomona his first year teaching - next to a collection of Yule, Christmas, generic holiday, and Hanukkah cards from various colleagues through the years. Filius had enchanted a metal wind chime to play seasonal music for his second year, and its collection had slowly grown each year into a random assortment of Wizarding and Muggle carols.</p><p>This year’s holiday post was rather small: A year’s worth of a homemade tea blend for relaxation courtesy of Theophania because Minerva’s wife insisted on making it for all of her colleagues (he would have to send his customary thank you note before the New Year). A vial with the remaining unicorn blood collected by Silvanus (once properly filtered, it could be added to the shelves of rarer potions ingredients) was wrapped in one of his quirky creature and holly wrapping papers (this year’s looked like flobberworms in Santa hats). The dependable letter from Poppy that he was looking forward to because while not a Potions Mistress herself, she asked interesting theory questions while trying to search for more effective options for the students (they weren’t going to revolutionize Pepper Up, but they were perfecting a version safe for chronic use, which was anything more than once a week). She had also worked her way through the staff to him this year in her effort to knit someone a gift as a supposedly relaxing hobby (the pale violet scarf did look nice, and he would have to remember to wear it on the first staff outing to The Three Broomsticks once term resumed). He had also finally earned his hand drafted star chart from Aurora for reaching his tenth year on staff (he requested two bordering constellations of the Lacaille family, Norma and Circinus). Albus had simply signed off on his usual parcel (a 24 hour candle for Lily’s death anniversary), which left a final box from Burbage.</p><p>Severus wasn’t surprised by the pouch with a compensatory fee because he could only attribute a small percentage of the ingredient costs of the Transmogrification Potion to the Hogwarts Potions Fund. He scowled at the Porta-Maze (52 adjustable routes with beginner, intermediate, and advanced customization) and a copy of <i>The Beginner’s Guide to Fancy Rats</i> underneath a Christmas card with a rat that did indeed look fancy compared to the common brown rat they had in common wearing a Santa hat. Charlie was suffering from some sort of delusion that Severus might want to offer the Porta-Maze or some other toy to Scabbers. Ronald had inherited the rat from Percival, so Severus did not see a point in doing any such thing (it was not his job to offer enrichment, or gods forbid, <i>play</i> with Scabbers because that was what his owner should be doing). Although, seeing as he had found a nest of shredded parchment in a box he’d held onto under his bed after ordering a new collapsible cauldron and he strongly suspected the scratching sounds at night the past few days were because a certain rat didn’t go home for the holidays, Severus couldn’t bring himself to bin either object. Perhaps he could figure out a way to offer the Porta-Maze so Scabbers wouldn’t intrude into his workspace while brewing without making it look like he was encouraging this idea of quasi-ownership?</p>
<h5>Spring 1992</h5><p>The blankets at the end of his bed rustled, and Severus pushed his long black hair out of his eyes to see Scabbers scurrying across the bed towards the pillow. He sighed because he knew grousing at the rat wouldn’t stop it, and it had managed to get past yet another night’s wards in his office to his private rooms. Ever since that Potter boy had come across the dying unicorn during his detention in the Forbidden Forest, Scabbers had been acting odd. His grooming had escalated into slight bald patches forming on his front wrists, and from what Severus had been able to read in <i>The Beginner’s Guide to Fancy Rats</i>, self barbering could be a sign of stress or boredom. He didn’t know what Ronald was doing (or not doing since it was often outside of the Gryffindor Tower), but the rat had started to drop by his room to sleep, even after he’d gotten rid of the nest and tried to cast wards against rodents. Admittedly, it wasn’t the first time Scabbers had done this over the years, but he usually only visited for a bit at the start of the fall and spring terms after coming back from the Burrow. Whatever had happened with the unicorn had spooked the rat into stopping by every night since, and it was almost the end of term. Scabbers seemed to like curling up on the pillow near his head, which was better than the alternative of laying on him, so Severus was finding it hard to remain upset by each subsequent visit recently. He certainly didn’t have strong feelings for the rat or desire to take over ownership from the Weasley family, but he just might have grown a little fond of it. Not that he would ever admit that to anyone, of course. He had a reputation to maintain.</p>
  </div>
  