
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>She cried out in frustration working her fingers harder and harder against her clit. Waving her wand Hermione summoned a second and third spectral cock to add to the one fucking her pussy. The second plunged into her open mouth while the third rammed itself into her tight little asshole. She was so close. She had been working at this for the last hour now. It had begun with her hands before stepping things up with a vibrating wand. Eventually she had decided on a spell of her own creation which allowed her to summon a spectral cock to fuck her how she wished. But it just wasn't the same. Despite months of experimentation and effort she hadn't managed to quite replicate the feel of a real cock. </p>
<p>She shuddered and moaned, writing beneath the sheets as sweat dripped across her body. She was at the very edge if her long awaited orgasm when she suddenly froze. She could hear voices on the stairwell to her shared room. Leaping up she grabbed the curtains surrounding her bed and pulled them closed. Dropping to the bed and climbing under the sheets she waved her wand to start things over but inside she knew it was over. She sighed and waited quietly as Parvati and Lavander burst into the room chatting away with no consideration for anyone who may be sleeping. It was far later than Hermione would normally go to sleep but she had been kept away by her urges. </p>
<p>It had all begun over the summer holiday. She had hugged her two best friends and they had pressed their bodies together and held each other before wandering off with their families. She had stood there for a moment breathless and feeling a warmth in her tummy that was both familiar and strange at the same time. Like an old friend you hadn't seen in a long time and had almost forgotten about. She was lost in thought trying to identify the feeling when her mother had wrapped her in a hug from behind and she had forgotten all about it. Turning to her parents she had embraced them both and together they made the journey home. Her parents chattered inanely asking her about school and the end of year exams. She had politely answered their questions not really paying much attention. She suddenly noticed a silence and turned to face her mother with a "hmmm?". </p>
<p>" I said have there been any boys?"; Her mother asked. "Oh no I'm far too busy studying for boys"; Hermione answered. "Good"; was her fathers short terse reply. She had gotten out of the car and started unpacking her stuff as soon as they reached home when she noticed some guys standing on the street just outside. Nothing special they where around her height and age and one of them had noticed her looking and smiled. She had blushed and turned away noticing that feeling from earlier had returned. The rest of her day had been fairly normal except she hadn't been able to shake that feeling. She had excused herself early and went to bed struggling to contain her excitement. As soon as she reached her room she had stripped and thrown herself on the bed to masturbate frantically. It was the first time she had ever masturbated and while she had known plenty about the practice from listening in on Parvati and Lavander, she had never had any interest herself. </p>
<p>Now it was all she could do to stop from crying out as orgasm after orgasm wracked her frame. She kept picturing the boy from earlier. She had imagined him climbing above her and pictured looking down to see him slipping inside of her soaked pussy. In her imagination he had made love to her gently caressing her body and kissing her. She enjoyed the idea but found it a tad...boring. So she let her mind wander and thought first of Ron and then Harry. Neither boy entertained her much and she began to cycle through the various boys from her year. She had thought of Dean and Seamus. Neville and even Cormac. None held any interest for her. It was a surprise to her when the thought of a certain blonde Slitherin had crept into her mind. Her heart began to pound and the heat in her stomach intensified. She had pictured him stripping her of her robes and turning her over. She knew he wouldn't be gentle or loving but as the thought occurred to her she realized how exciting she found the idea. Her legs began to tremble as she pictured him bending her over a desk at school and starting to pound her for behind. Her hands gripped the sheets as in her own imagination she pictured grabbing the desk as he thrusted into her over and over again. She went over the edge at the thought of him cumming inside of her. She could hear his voice whispering filthily in her mind. "Mudblood.....slut...whore....slave". She panted as the litany went on and she frantically rubbed her pussy. </p>
<p>The first night her hands had been enough but a month into the holidays she was crafting spells to create cocks to get her off. Eventually she had stepped up to hunting down the muggle she had seen. It hadn't taken her long to find him. She was lucky she had come of age and the trace had been removed as she had no time to be subtle. She had cast a few quick spells to immobilize him prepare him for her needs. She had forced some potions down his throat and when she had unbound him he had leapt across the dingy little shed she had dragged him to and pinned her to the wall. He gave nothing but a guttural growl as he stripped her of her clothes and lifted her leg. With not even an ounce of hesitation he had buried himself inside of her. She had cried out in joy as he fucked her into oblivion. The potions had given him stamina and ferocity far beyond a normal muggle and she had barely manged to keep up as over the next hour he had ravaged her. </p>
<p>But it still hadn't been enough. Sure she had gotten off a few times as well as having time to practice a few new skills. She had been surprised how much it turned her on when he had forced his cock into her mouth but it had been disappointingly small. She had prepared herself by removing her gag reflex but it was barely needed in the end. A quick stunner and a memory charm later she was pulling up her knickers and walking out of the shed. He would awaken soon a little confused and probably more than a little raw given how hard he had been taking her but no doubt satisfied for quite some time. It was the first and last time she had bothered him. Instead she had returned to thinking of Draco and masturbating. </p>
<p>Now she was back in school and it just wasn't enough anymore. Casting a charm to hide herself from notice and muffle any noise she made she had dressed quickly and made her way to the common room. With a quick summoning spell she had summoned Harry's map. It had been all to easy to make that arrangement long ago having had such regular access to their room. Stuffing it into her robes alongside her wand she had made her way to the portrait and stepped outside. The fat lady was sleeping and made no comment to her slipping out past curfew. Taking out the map she found what she wanted. The little dot marked Draco Malfoy. She had breathed in deeply and reinforced her resolve. Putting the map away again she turned down the hall and took the first step towards her new destiny.....</p>
  </div>
  