
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Draco Malfoy did not speak until he was eight years old. And he still, at eleven had vicious “temper tantrums”, which were, in fact, meltdowns related to over simulation of noise or light. Even when the boy did speak he didn't act quite right. He seemed constantly bored or emotionless. The only creatures who seemed to vaguely understand him are his father’s troop of hunting dogs, (Although they never actually hunted, which, when pointed out by Draco, made his father extremely upset and banished his son to his rooms for “embarrassing him”. However, that never made much sense in Draco’s opinion as he was a “constant embarrassment”. Though the more he thought about it the more he realized most people don’t make sense most of the time.) and his godfather, Severus Snape. Or as Draco once, and only once, called him, “Dad”. Draco’s mother was not a sickly woman in form or physical heath, but she was quite sickly in the brain. Perhaps a muggle would call it postpartum psychosis. The same muggle may have diagnosed Draco with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). But the Malfoys were as far from muggles as a family could be. So there was nothing wrong with Draco not responding to you unless you asked the question three times or him being obsessed with potions and having extremely repetitive behaviors, such as repeating numbers to calm himself, and having meltdowns. And there was nothing wrong with Narcissa attempting to suffocate Draco on multiple occasions and refusing to feed him in an attempt to starve him and having hallucinations of her sister Bellatrix. And there was nothing wrong with Lucius Malfoy, whose belt and cane were not just for show. No there was nothing wrong with the Malfoys.</p><p>Draco’s best friend in the whole wide world, his words exactly, was a Crup named Ajax who was similar to a terrier in appearance but has a slight bit more intellect as Draco was under her care as an infant. (It is not uncommon for purebloods to have “nanny-dogs”, usually Crups that were charmed with intelligence to keep the magical child safe as they pranced along their childhood adventures. But the Malfoy’s took the use of their nanny-dog to the extreme as he was responsible for Draco’s entertainment, food, intellectual stimulation and dealing with any and all meltdowns.) Perhaps he was Draco’s best friend because he was the only creature Draco knew that was not upset when he flapped his hands around when he was excited and never expected Draco to say much of anything. Plus her fur was soft. Running his fingers through it immediately calmed him. But Ajax is no longer his best friend. Why? You may ask. I would ask back, can something dead love? I did warn you. Lucius Malfoy’s cane and belt are not for show. Neither his is wand. Someone needed to be punished when Draco had a meltdown during a Ministry event. Even Arthur Weasley saw who had asked “Is he alright?” with a look of concern and shock on his face. Maybe that was because Draco didn’t appear angry, as most children would in the throws of a tantrum, he looked frightened and had his hands out grasping at his father’s lapels as he took big gulps of air in between sobs.</p><p>“Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud! Loud!” Draco just wouldn’t shut up. So Lucius had no other option than to apperate home. Narcissa barely glanced at her distressed son, a bit to engrossed in her sewing projected. “Mommy! Mommy!” Her son made grabbing hands at her as he threw himself in her lap, only to be forced off a second later. “Is that how a ten year old behaves Draco.” It wasn’t a question. She never cared enough to ask a real question. Ajax gripped Draco by his collar and began to pull him to the library, which had several blankets and pillows for Draco to scream his anguish into. In addition, it was the quietest and dimmest room in the house. Professor Snape had left a few books on potions for Draco to read, so it wouldn't have been a completely horrendous night. Until Lucius had gripped Ajax’s collar.</p><p>	“Daddy! Daddy! I want Ajax!”<br/>
“For once, just shut up! Quiet! Quiet! Quiet!”<br/>
At that point Ajax began barking. His two tails neatly tucked underneath his body. Despite their abilities in child rearing, they weren’t necessarily the best of fighters. Often they were trained to find a trustworthy grown witch or wizard to handle the situation. So Ajax could do nothing. And Draco could do nothing as he was flung threw the air. His head smacked against the wall. The loud crack was unmistakable. If you were confused at first. You wouldn’t be when the dog didn’t move. Not when Draco dragged the body out to the garden. Or when he buried it’s body underneath a tree that only blooms once every five years. It was in bloom that night. Draco never told a soul about those blossoms. He took a handful, which you weren’t supposed to do because it’s a rule, and sprinkled them in the shallow grave.</p><p>“I loved you Ajax.”</p>
  </div>
  