
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Tired. He was just so damn tired.<br/>
It had been a long day, as usual. He thought he should’ve become used to it, but he hadn’t already.<br/>
Draco looked at the quiet couple that sat lifeless on the couch. He caught himself to check if they were still breathing. They were, but there was no life in their eyes. Barely any movement.<br/>
It was little more than two years after the trials. He remembered how he had wished the dark times would have ended after the war. They all had hoped for that, but to be honest, their life’s now were just a different type of hell. His own, personal punishment for what he did.<br/>
Since his father was one of the most wanted death eaters, his trial had been only three weeks after the final battle. And it had been awfully quick. They hadn’t hesitated to pick a punishment for his father, it took them about five minutes to chose the dementors kiss. He had stood next to his crying mother and his shaking father when they executed him. Of course he was still alive, but he never talked again. He never did anything again. And even though Potter had testified for him and his mother, after them having to witness the kiss, they never were the same either.<br/>
The ministry had taken the manor and frozen their gringotts vaults. On their own for the first time, without any money or power, it had been horrible first weeks. But even though his parents had given up on life, he wasn’t quite ready for that. Not while there was still hope inside him.<br/>
He had worked his fourteen hour day at the hotel and all he wanted to do was get into his bed and never leave. Or read the new copy of the prophet.. He would do that, later. When everything else was done.<br/>
He walked towards his parents, forcing a small smile on his face. “Hey, you two. Hope you had a good day..” He looked at the once so beautiful face of his mother, now sunken in and without any movement. There were still very tiny reactions he thought he was able to see in her behavior. Didn’t she blink once more when he approached them? Wasn’t there just an almost invisible smile? He was sure he could see something, at least that was what he told himself. It was way more reassuring than the thought of being completely and utterly alone. His parents were the only people he was talking to, next to a random hello or goodbye to the cashier at the supermarket around the corner. Sometimes he thought the loneliness was the biggest punishment of all of them. Not that he liked being surrounded by endlessly blabbering people, but when there was no one that cared.. Draco swallowed hardly and reached for his wand. During the war, his mother had teached him all of the medical spells she was capable of, and now he was great full for them. He cast a diagnosis charm over his mother. A light blue fog of magic surrounded her, telling him exactly how she felt. Her back hurt, she was a little hungry and she felt sad. She always felt sad and he hated nothing more than his own spell telling him how bad his mother felt. He wanted nothing more than for her to be happy. Maybe, one day he would silently cast this charm and get a warm response of happiness back. Draco sighed and tenderly stroked her bony fingers. She was way to thin and he was scared that she would waste away. He had to make new pepper up potions, maybe that would help. His eyes wandered over to his father. Other than his mother, he hadn’t seen any reaction from him since the kiss. Nothing at all. He still cast the diagnosis charm on him, but just like everyday; there was no response. He swung his wand a little and let out two cleansing spells on them. He levitated his father to his bed and reached for his potions. He had overheard his father and uncle Severus talking about an insanely complicated potion that victims of the dementors kiss needed. Without it, they wouldn’t last very long. In Askaban they would survive up to six months without the potion, six months of nothingness until they wasted away. Draco couldn’t decide what was more cruel, being held alive by the potion or die quicker and alone in a cold cell. All he knew was that he would rather jump infront of the knights bus than have his father starve and die on his watch. Without his magic he opened his fathers mouth and poured in the first potion, his last vial of pepper up and the glowing purple twilight potion. He made him swallow them, closed his fathers eyes and switched of the lights. That was the easier part of the evening.. He prepped his mother a sandwich and sat down next to her. He had tried other food, had cooked soups, pasta and sometimes even a casserole, but all she would eventually eat were sandwiches. He had learned how to cook in the kitchen of the big muggle hotel he worked at. Since he didn’t learn anything and had no visible education from any muggle schools, he wasn’t allowed to do more than clean the kitchen he worked in. And that had been pretty much the only job that he had found in this sleepy little village just outside of London.<br/>
He reached for his mothers hand one more time and placed the sandwich in both of their hands. Her head sank down a little and her eyes seemed watery. “Mum, please. Just a little.” He felt a tiny movement in her hand, the sign that she was ready. He brought their hands to her mouth and she took a bite. It took her a very long time to eat the sandwich, but Draco had learned to be patient. He felt how exhausted she was after eating little more than half of it and gave up. “At least it was something. I know you did your best mum.” Her eyes closed, she was so tired. He kissed her hand and felt like crying. There was nothing to do about it now, all he could do was bring her to bed as well. He redressed her magically and placed her in bed next to his lifeless father. “Sleep well, mum.” He looked back at her already sleeping form and left for the kitchen. He allowed a single, unseen tear to exit his eyes before he reached for his potion books. Since no one used the tiny kitchen to cook in it, he had made it his potions lab. Not because it was his hobby, but because the potions his parents needed were quite complicated to brew and therefore very expensive. He had to buy the ingredients himself which were expensive enough, but after all way cheaper than buying the potions. For the next three to four hours he busied himself with said potions, took care of the twilight potion that took two weeks to complete and set up a new kettle of pepper up. He had mastered the two over time, and in another, happier world he would love to be a potionsmaster. When his headache won over his will and both kettles were slowly cooking like they should, he decided to call it a day and fell on the mattress on the floor right next to the kettles. There was only the slight purple shimmer that glimmered in the darkness, but it was enough to finally take a look at the prophet. It was hard to keep his eyes open, but he had to see his face one more time before he fell asleep. There had been not a single day for the last two years where they hadn’t written anything about the boy who lived. The boy who also secretly lived in Draco’s heart. There was no more light in his life than knowing that somewhere, not to far away, this beautiful man was around, making the world a better place by his mere existence. Draco knew about all the charities he had founded, but they were just a byproduct. It was Harrys smile, his laugh, his greatness and his beautiful eyes. It had been many years since he stopped lying to himself; he had never hated the man. First he had wanted to be friends, then he had been disappointed and sad, then there was a time full of anger and envy. But after the triwizard tournament he slowly started to admit to himself that he really liked the guy. But since all Harry saw in him was his nemesis, he never tried to offer a truce nor his hand in friendship again. There had been a time when all he wanted to do was to run to Harry and beg him for help. His ego hadn’t allowed it, and now there was no day where he didn’t fumed over his stupidity. To hell with his ego. He should have at least try to get to the side of light, he was sure it would have been the right thing to do. Maybe his life would be less dark if he hadn’t lost his temper. He remembered the opportunity like it was yesterday. He had been overwhelmed with everything and ran to cry in the loneliness of an old bathroom. How could he know that the man he was so much in love with could see him in this moment of pure desperation? He had just fired the first curse that came to mind, instead of asking for help. With that he had sealed his pact with the devil. And after the trials he had only seen him twice in diagon alley, smiling and laughing with girl Weasley. He was scared that one day he would look at the prophet and see that the two had announced an engagement. Of course Potter deserved to be happy, and if it was with a perfect little wife then so be it. There was no way in hell he would ever look at Draco again.<br/>
He unfolded the paper and there was it, on the front page as always, the face he loved seeing the most. He had slung his arm around the waist of the pretty Weasley girl, looking smiling to the ground. Her hand waved at the camera, a glittering diamond ring on her finger. Draco’s heart broke a little bit more. He forced his eyes away from her and looked at the man he would dream of in a few minutes. “Sleep well, my love.” He whispered as he fell asleep, the picture hugged tightly to his heart.</p>
  </div>
  