
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    
<p></p><center>
  <p>Ͽ Prologue: Remembering Ͼ</p>
</center>Crimson eyes stared blankly at the dully grey stone wall before him.  The owner of those eyes sat in a corner of the small stone room and continued to just stare at the wall.  There was a stone “bed” against the wall adjacent to the wall he was sitting against, but he had no need of it.  He didn’t sleep much anyway and the stone slab did nothing to offer comfort.  Not that he really expected it to, given where he was.  Azkaban Prison was notorious for being very uncomfortable to its inhabitants.<p>It had been five years since his defeat at the hand of that annoying little whelp.  He could still distinctly remember that day in the Great Hall of Hogwarts that led to his incarceration in his wretched place.  After the death of Albus Dumbledore at the hands of his “spy,” it hadn’t been long before both Hogwarts and the Ministry fell under his rule.  He appointed the Severus to be the headmaster of Hogwarts and he appointed Pius as Minister.  He had sincerely hoped the boy would return to Hogwarts for his seventh and final year, but he knew the chances of that were slim, especially if the boy knew that Hogwarts was under Voldemort's rule.  So when his Death Eaters searched the Hogwarts Express and found no sign of the boy or his two compatriots, the Dark Lord knew his second plan was in action.</p>
<p>He knew the old fool had been hunting his horcruxes down and he also know the boy would be the one to continue hunting down his soul pieces should Dumbledore die.  He felt the destruction of his ring and he immediately began searching for his other ones to make sure they were safe.  It had taken him while to retrieve his locket from the Black residence after discovering that Regulus Black, the traitorous fool, had taken his precious locket and replaced it with a fake.  Lucius had been punished severely for his failure to keep his diary safe.  He allowed the man to live only because there was no point in killing the man now, four years after the destruction of his diary.  However, he had still cursed the man within an inch of his life.  That would teach the blonde Death Eater not to use items the Dark Lord gave him to protect for the follower’s personal gain.</p>
<p>Instead of keeping his soul pieces where they were hidden, he created fakes, much like the blasted Regulus had done with his locket.  However, he was a much better wizard than Regulus Black had been and the Dark Lord had created fakes that would act just like real horcruxes.  This meant the boy would think he had the real horcrux and when he destroyed it, it would behave like his real horcruxes would.  But Voldemort would be safe from death.  Even if he did happen to die in the final battle, he would be reduced to a wandering spirit once more, but he would still be alive and he would allow the Wizarding World to celebrate his “final” death while he regained his body once more.  However, he would have returned and he would have continued his reign of terror until the Wizarding World was under his control.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, the final battle had not gone to plan.  Voldemort had been track the boy both mentally and with the tracking spells on his fake horcruxes.  He had been able to see where Potter was and what he was planning on doing.  It had been so simple to just let the boy believe that he was on the right track to destroying the Dark Lord.  And when he called Potter to meet him in the Forbidden Forest he had been so sure the boy would just offer himself up to save everyone else.  Not that it would have mattered because once the boy was dead he would have killed all the useless mudbloods and reigned triumphantly over the purebloods and worthy half-bloods.  There had just been one fatal flaw in his plans.  He had been completely unaware that Harry Potter, the blasted boy that would not just die, had been a horcrux.  When his Killing Curse hit the boy in the forest, he had thought he was finally victorious.  He hadn’t planned on his curse killing the soul piece in the boy and allowing the boy to continued living to be a thorn in the dark wizard’s side.</p>
<p>Voldemort watched as his dear Bellatrix was killed at the hands of Molly Weasley, but he had no chance to avenge the death of his most faithful follower because when he went to attack her, his spell had been blocked.  The dark wizard looked around to find out where the shielding spell had originated from and he had been furious to discover who had saved his intended victim.</p>
<p>Voldemort had been in complete disbelief that Potter had still been alive when the thrice damned boy had thrown off that cloak of his and revealed he was still amongst the living.  Shock and an unholy rage had filled him at the sight of the boy who would just not stay dead!  He had been furious with the boy and had immediately started dueling with him.  He had the Elder Wand, the Death Stick, the Wand of Destiny, whatever it was called, it was his, and he was the master of it.  Or so he thought.</p>
<p>The two powerful wizards had circled one another for a while, both firing off insults in hopes the other one would attack first.  It was then that Harry revealed he knew all about the Elder Wand and that it wasn’t working for him.  The boy had revealed crucial information at the time, but Voldemort had been too arrogant to listen to Potter.  He had been overconfident that he knew the truth about the Elder Wand and that the boy was merely lying to save his own skin.  However, when the boy told him to try for remorse, he could no longer stand the sight of Potter and he had fired his curse with accuracy.</p>
<p>When he had shot Potter with the Killing Curse to combat against the boy’s Disarming Spell, he had been so certain that he was the master of the wand after the death of Severus.  This proved to not be the case as the boy started admitting who the true owner of the wand was.  Voldemort didn’t want to believe it, but some part of his mind admitted that the wand still hadn’t worked properly for him even after the death of the spy.  So when his Killing Curse rebounded once more on him, his instincts allowed him to move quickly out of the way.  However, in his moment of shock that he could have been reduced to his wraithlike state as he had been merely three years ago, the boy had been smart enough to stun the Dark Lord and incarcerate him with ropes from a binding spell.</p>
<p>After the battle had been won by the Potter boy, Voldemort had been immediately taken to Azkaban and thrown into the cell he resided in now.  He hadn’t even been given a trial, much like Sirius Black.  However, unlike the older Black brother, everyone in Britain knew what he had done and knew without a doubt that he had been the one to do it.  Still, it would have been nice to have a trial.  Maybe he could have pleaded insanity.  Most people certainly thought he was insane, but that was not the case.  His mind was clear and he knew exactly what he was doing.  His plans were meticulously planned and his end goal had been clear.  But the trial would have certainly been amusing if he had claimed insanity.  What would the wizards do with that plea?  Would they lock him up in St. Mungos?  He supposed it didn’t matter where they locked him up as they would make sure he could never get free.  His magic had been temporarily bound until he was securely locked in his cell and his cell had been spell against him.  That meant while he still had access to his magic, the walls, floor, ceiling, door, and lock had all be spelled so that he could not touch them with his magic.  He was a complete prisoner here.  The only benefit was that the Dementors knew not to come near him.  The dark soul suckers knew better than to mess with him.  They feared him and that worked perfectly for him.  He didn’t need to deal with their annoying presence.</p>
<p>For five years he had sat in this cell and thought about what he could have done differently.  He supposed he should have researched the bond between him and the boy more.  Maybe then he would have realized the boy was a horcrux and he wouldn’t have acted so rashly in killing him.  He supposed if he went back further, he could have waited until he heard the entire prophecy before attacking the Potters.  However, the past was the past and there was nothing to be done about it now.  This was the way of the world for the time being.  Instead, he focused on what he would do when he was free.  And he would be free.  The pitiful wizards that incarcerated him here didn’t honestly think a few meager binding spells would keep him from escaping did that?</p>
<p>Voldemort's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of footsteps coming down the hall.  The man paid no attention to it as the guards often traveled down this hall given that it was a maximum security cell.  What drew his attention back was that the footsteps had stopped outside his cell.  Certainly they weren’t going to put another prisoner in here with him.  They were fools if they thought he would be sharing a cell with anyone.  He couldn’t stand other people and he would not stand for another person in this small space with him.</p>
<p>The former Dark Lord watched with narrow eyes as the door to his cell was opened and a small figure was pushed in the stone room before the door was slammed shut and locked once more.  A blue light flared across the room indicating the cell was now spelled against the new prisoner like it had been against Voldemort.</p>
<p>While Voldemort didn’t want to share his cell, he couldn’t help but feel curious about who had been place with him.  The figure was small and for a moment Voldemort thought the idiots had locked up a child.  Was the Ministry of Magic so in shambles once more that they were locking up children now?  However, all thoughts of that vanished from his mind as his muted red eyes lit up to crimson as they met wide, horrified eyes.</p>
<p>A slow smile stretched across the pale, snakelike face of Voldemort as he watched the small figure crawl backwards away from him to press against the opposite wall.  His eyes never left the figure even as it huddled closer to the wall to escape him.  The Dark Lord couldn’t prevent the low, diabolical chuckle that came from his mouth.  Oh this was too precious.</p>
<p>“Well, well.  Isn’t this a surprise?”  The dark wizards hissed in clear amusement as he watched Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, the Savior, stare at him with terrified emerald eyes.  An evil laugh escaped Voldemort's lipless mouth once more as Potter started panicking and hyperventilated until he passed out in the new cell he shared with his once great enemy.  Life, Voldemort decided, had just become a bit more interesting.</p>
  </div>
  