
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Chapter 1</p><p>Keith sat with his head down, at the Slytherin table, his black hair falling in front of his eyes. All around him, the Great Hall was filled with excited students, receiving their first post of the year. He watched resentfully as a tawny owl swooped down to the Gryffindor table, several fat parcels clutched in its beak and claws. It landed in front of a tall skinny boy with brown hair and an annoyingly cocky smirk. Keith knew this boy all too well – he was his fellow prefect, Lance McClain. Lance could always be relied on to receive letters and parcels every week – it was well known that he had an extensive family back home.<br/>
This could not have been further from the truth for Keith. Keith had never known his parents – as a child, he had been passed from foster home to foster home, a second hand kid that nobody ever wanted for very long. Honestly, words could not have described Keith’s excitement when, at eleven years old, he received the unexpected letter written on thick parchment telling him he had secured a place at a magical school.<br/>
It was safe to say that everybody who attended Hogwarts was out of the ordinary – they were all children who wielded magic. However, even amongst them Keith felt like a misfit. He didn’t know his parents, his history – he didn’t even know his blood status. He had no siblings and no family to speak of.<br/>
These thoughts had put Keith in rather a down mood for so early in the morning. Keith spooned the last of his cereal into his mouth, his eyes flicking back up to Lance at the table across the Hall. He was now showing off to his friends by attempting to throw lucky charms into his mouth. Keith sighed, and flicked his black hair out of his eyes in annoyance. This noise made Pidge look up from the book they’d had been absorbed in until this point: Advanced Potion Making.<br/>
“What’s up?” Pidge asked, pushing their glasses back up their nose with one finger.<br/>
“Nothing,” Keith sighed, trying to inject some warmth he didn’t feel into his words – he didn’t want his best friend to suffer from his bad mood. “Come on, we’ll be late for potions.” He swung his legs off the bench, pulling the strap of his bag onto one shoulder. He stood impatiently, tapping his foot as Pidge stuffed the enormous book back into their bag. Together, they walked out of the Great Hall, Keith resisting the urge to turn back to see whether Lance and his friends were following; after all, Gryffindors and Slytherins did have potions together.<br/>
It was a day of beautiful October weather – sunlight streamed in through the main doors, bathing the Entrance Hall in warm light. Keith and Pidge, however, directed their steps towards the gloomy passage that sloped ominously down to the dungeons were potions was held. Their footsteps echoed in the darkness, lit only by the flickering torches that lined the walls.<br/>
The two weren’t the first into the dim potions classroom: some fellow Slytherins were already setting up in a corner of the room. Keith motioned towards an empty desk, and he and Pidge headed towards it, dumping their stuff onto the floor next to their chairs and dragging their cauldrons onto the desk. A loud rabble of footsteps and voices drew Keith’s attention to the heavy oak door – of course it was Lance and his friends who entered, obnoxiously noisy as usual. Keith noticed Pidge roll their eyes, already flipping through their copy of Advanced Potion making again – its stay in their bag had been very brief.<br/>
Moments later, Professor Slughorn waddled into the room, his bald head shiny and a genuine grin plastered across his round face. The bottons on his tweed waistcoat strained as he breathed in happily, surveying his class.<br/>
“Ho-Ho! Do I have a treat for you today class! We’ll be brewing up something really special – although it will be challenging, I’ll tell you that right now!” He boomed jovially. Keith’s stomach sank – potions was one of his worst performing subjects, even in lessons where what they were brewing was not particularly difficult. Pidge’s eyes, however, gleamed behind their glasses – he could tell his friend was yearning for the chance to perfect a difficult potion. His eyes flicked to Lance, who was pretending to look bored and winking at a Gryffindor girl whose name Keith did not know. The girl blushed. Keith rolled his eyes. He was not fooled by Lance’s outwardly flirtatious attitude – he knew deep down that Lance was actually a total nerd and was probably just as excited as Pidge to find out what todays potion was going to be.<br/>
“I won’t keep the suspense any longer – today, you’re all going to be attempting to brew Amortentia.” There were groans from a few of the students – mostly boys. No one needed to be told what Amortentia was – thanks to Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes, a joke shop that had been set up a few years previously – everyone knew that Amortentia was a popular type of love potion.<br/>
“Now, now, now, come on!” Slughorn responded to the groans, beaming round at his class, “Love is an extremely dangerous and powerful weapon! Why just a few of years ago a student was brought to me who had been drugged by it and let me tell you, that incident did not end well – in fact, it ended with a bezoar being shoved down his throat. But let’s not get into that now,” he said hastily, as many student showed signs of astonished interest. “You will find instructions on the board. I wish you all the best of luck,” he said, flicking his wand and indeed causing the step-by-step instructions to appear there in messy joined up writing.<br/>
There was a collective surge of loud scraping and banging from around the room as chairs were dragged back and ingredients dumped onto tables. Keith squinted at the writing on the board – the Professor hadn’t been lying, the instructions did look extremely difficult to follow. Keith looked hopefully towards Pidge, who was usually the top of the class in potions – however even they were scratching their head in confusion.<br/>
The lesson passed in a blur of determination, confusion, mild panic, and finally resignation to the inevitable. Keith’s potion had not turned out well. Whereas it was described as having a ‘mother-of-pearl sheen’ in his textbook, his had gone a disturbing colour of blood red. A glance at Pidge’s showed him that theirs had turned a weird bogey green colour. Their hair was standing on end, the violently smelling fumes turning it frizzier by the second. He glanced across the room, curious to see how Lance’s had gone – as it turned out, not any better than theirs. His had become a sort of inky blue. Keith felt a small smile tugging at his mouth – at least he was not the only one who seemed to have failed this particular assignment.<br/>
Slughorn was waddling around the room, looking significantly crest-fallen. He scanned the room until he found the table that Pidge was sat and, and began hopefully making his way over, clearly expecting something good. However, he was disappointed – even they had not been able to conquer the difficult concoction. His face fell, as he returned to the front of the class.<br/>
“Well class, don’t be disheartened, this was an immensely difficult task for you all. I have some here at the front that has been correctly brewed, and I want you each to come up to observe what it is supposed to look like.<br/>
Even from the back of the room, Keith could see the steam rising from the cauldron in characteristic spirals, creating shapes that looked suspiciously like a flying broomstick to him – unsurprising as he did have an intense love of Quidditch.<br/>
“Come on up, I’m sure you’re all interested in what unique smell the potion holds for you. Remember, it smells differently to us all depending on what we love most!”<br/>
There was a low rumbling as every chair in the room scraped back. Keith and Pidge jostled into the queue, somehow ending up (to Keith’s mild annoyance) directly behind Lance and his friends. The queue slowly shuffled forward as one by one the students stuck their faces over the enticing aromas of the potion, and inhaled deeply. Eventually it got to Lance’s turn. His friend had already had his go and was waiting for him to walk back to their seats. Keith noticed Lance close his eyes as he breathed in the steam deeply, his expression serene. He paused, extremely still for a moment, before pulling his face back and turning away. Keith heard his friend whisper something to Lance, and tilted his head to listen.<br/>
“It’s no big secret what you must’ve smelled, is it Lance?” he snickered quietly.<br/>
“Shut up,” Lance hissed, elbowing him in the ribs. Did Keith imagine it, or did Lance’s eyes briefly flick up to meet his own? The moment passed quickly, as Lance and his friend shouldered past him back to their seats, their voices returned to their usual loud pitch. Keith shook his head. He had clearly imagined it.<br/>
He quickly looked back towards the potion, which Pidge was now bending eagerly over. They straightened back up, grinning, and slapped his shoulder as they headed back to their seat. Keith stepped towards it and closed his eyes, taking the same approach as Lance as he bent over it. The first smell that hit him was a combination of the woody smell of his broomstick, and fresh cold air, mixing to remind him strongly of Quidditch. He also smelt something which reminded him of the Halloween feast in the Great Hall, his favourite night of the year – a combination of rich buffet food, pumpkins and candle wax. As he breathed slowly in through his nose, he registered a third smell – it reminded him of the shampoo he knew Lance used. He had smelt it most days for over five years, every time Lance brushed past him in the corridor or flew past him on the pitch.  Keith straightened up quickly. He could feel his face growing red even though, he reminded himself, no one else knew what he had been able to smell. Trying not to look guilty, he made his way hastily back to his seat, his face still feeling hot. Pidge raised an eyebrow at him as he approached, looking sceptically at his awkward expression.<br/>
The rest of the lesson seemed to drag by to Keith, but in reality it was only a few more minutes before the bell sounded throughout the castle. The fact that Keith and Pidge’s table was right at the back of the room meant that they were the last two to leave the dungeon. Pidge placed a hand on Keith’s arm as they reached the door.<br/>
“Hey, are you okay? You seemed to go a little funny there for a second,” they said.<br/>
“I’m fine,” Keith muttered, shrugging off their hand as he searched for a change of subject. “What happened to you, anyway?” Keith asked, a smirk spreading across his mouth, “I thought you were meant to be top of the class?”<br/>
Pidge groaned in response. “I don’t even want to talk about it,” they said, beginning again to walk towards the door, their hair still three times its normal volume.</p><p>*</p><p>It was later that week, and the familiar feeling or nervousness and anticipation was building inside Keith’s stomach. The next day would hold Slytherin’s first match of the school year – against Gryffindor. As team captain, he was anxious to find his team mates. He needed to tell them that he wanted to meet extra early the next morning, in order to run over their tactics one last time. It was vital that they won this match; the fact that they played only three games a year meant that loosing even one could seriously harm a house’s chances of winning the Quidditch Cup.<br/>
Pidge was curled up in an arm chair next to the fire – a book clasped in their hands as always, and oblivious to Keith’s concerned pacing.<br/>
The familiar sound of a section of the common room wall scraping back filled the Dungeon, signalling that someone had given the correct password and was entering. Keith looked up hopefully and was rewarded by just the person he wanted to see: it was his fellow sixth year and teammate, Nyma. She was a tall, strongly muscled girl whose yellowy blonde hair was constantly tied in high bunches. He hastily made his way across the long, low ceilinged room to meet her. Her expression was one of excited determination as they held their brief discussion about the events of tomorrow, then she bayed Keith good night as she headed towards the stairs to the girl’s dormitory.<br/>
Keith rubbed at his eyes wearily. When he drew his hands away, he was surprised to see that the common room was practically deserted. Checking his watch quickly, he discovered that it was past eleven o’clock. The captain really needed a decent night’s sleep if his team were to stand a chance of defeating Gryffindor tomorrow. He headed towards the stairs up to the dormitories, ruffling Pidge’s hair as he passed. They glanced up at him angrily, batting his arm away.<br/>
“I’m going up to bed, it’s late. You coming?” Keith asked. He watched as Pidge checked their own watch, and sighed with resignation.<br/>
“I guess,” they said, swinging their legs out from under them and scooping their books into their arms. Both heading for the dorms, Pidge was struck with a sudden thought.<br/>
“You know, I reckon I’d be able to go up the stairs to both dorms without them turning into slides. You know, if I wanted to.”<br/>
A grin spread across Keith’s face, as he contemplated this. “I’m sure you would be able to.”<br/>
“I’ll try it one day,” his friend replied, for now trooping towards the girl’s stairs. Keith sighed inwardly. He was currently the only person Pidge had come out to about being non-binary.<br/>
“Goodnight!” he called, smiling sadly after them. Pidge waved one hand over their shoulder without turning around. His thoughts back to Quidditch, Keith turned and trooped up the steps to his own familiar dormitory. </p><p>*</p><p>At a quarter to eight the next morning, Keith’s ears were filled with the sound of his ringing alarm clock. Slamming his hand on it quickly so as not to wake the other inhabitants of his dormitory, he pulled back the curtains of his four-poster, clambered quietly out of bed, and stretched. He ran is hands through his hair in a vain attempt to flatten the tangled black mess, before giving up and reaching for his kit.<br/>
Once dressed, he traipsed down the cold stairs and across the stone flagstones of the common room, his face lit by the ghostly, pale glow of the green-tinged lamps that lined the walls. Keith often felt slightly unnerved by the position of his common room underneath the lake. For him, being high up in the air was much preferable to being underground.<br/>
On his way up to the Great Hall, Keith passed the Head Girl who was heading in the other direction, a dark-skinned, seventh-year Ravenclaw by the name of Allura. Keith smiled sheepishly at her as they passed. Their only previous run-in had not been pleasant; she had, in fact, caught him sneaking around the castle out of hours whilst doing her nightly rounds. That incident had ended with a serious number of house points being deducted from Slytherin.<br/>
She continued past, throwing a slightly strained smile in his direction. Keith released a breath he had not known he’d been holding, despite the fact that he was (currently) doing no rule breaking.<br/>
Once inside the Great Hall, Keith took his usual place at the Slytherin table. The large room was, as you’d expect for eight am on a Saturday, quiet. Dotted around the room sat a handful of sleepy looking seventh-years, clearly up and working early to cope with the immense workload Hogwarts students received in their final year. Apart from them it was largely empty – Keith was the first of his team to arrive. He pulled a couple of slices of toast towards him, and glanced up at the large windows across the hall – the weather looked like it was going to be extremely clear; it was a crisp October day without a single cloud in the sky. From Keith’s experience, these would be quite difficult conditions to fly in. It would be tricky to avoid being blinded by the sun, especially for him. As the seeker, his role was to find and catch the immensely small golden ball known as the snitch which is difficult even on a good day, never mind in intense sunlight.<br/>
Still, Keith was not worried. He knew for a fact that he was a superior flyer to the opposing seeker. And this was not Keith being cocky; it was a widely known and accepted fact. Flying talent like the likes of him was rarely seen at Hogwarts.<br/>
However, this match, he was in a slight predicament. The Gryffindor Captain, and Keith’s opposing seeker, happened to be Lance McClain. Last night, Keith had lain awake in bed, sternly repeating to himself that he would not allow this fact to distract him. He had still not forgotten the incident with the Amortentia earlier in the week, but was refusing to think anything of it. He had even come up with some theories that maybe it wasn’t the potion he had smelt; after all, Lance had been standing in that exact spot only a few moments before. That was surely the reason he had been able to smell him.<br/>
It was at that moment that Lance and his fellow Gryffindor teammates burst through the doors into the Great Hall. Keith took one look at him, decked out in his red and gold kit, his brown hair swept messily across his forehead. Shit. Not being distracted by him was going to be harder than he’d thought.<br/>
Luckily he was rescued from these dangerous thoughts shortly by the arrival of his team. Soon he was surrounded by an encouraging blur or green and silver. Once everyone had finished eating second (or third) helpings of breakfast, the Hall had grown a lot fuller by the arrival of most of the school, all producing an excited babble in light of the oncoming match. Gulping down his rising nerves, Keith dragged a look of stoic determination onto his face and motioned to his team to follow him out of the hall. Pidge, who had arrived a few minutes earlier, waved him off with an encouraging thumbs up. Keith knew it wouldn’t be long before Pidge headed down to the pitch too, as they would be commentating for the Quidditch matches this year.<br/>
The walk down to the pitch, though short, was enough to clear Keith’s head. The brisk, cool wind cleared away any doubts and real excitement kicked it; it wouldn’t be long now before he would be engulfed in the thrill of the match. They soon reached the changing rooms. Those of the team that weren’t already in their kits quickly pulled them on whilst Keith gave the rest of the team his talk on tactics that he had mentioned to Nyma the previous evening. By the time he had finished conveying every little detail in their strategy that he had changed, a roar could be heard from all directions, indicating a rapidly filling stadium. Keith glanced around at the faces of his team. They all looked eagerly enthusiastic, apart from his two new additions to the team, a couple of fourth years, who both looked slightly green.<br/>
Keith set his jaw, scooped his broomstick off the bench next to him and shoved open the door that led from the changing room onto the pitch. The seven players trooped out to deafening roars coming from the Slytherin stand, and some applause also coming from the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw stands. The Head Boy Shiro, who happened to be one of Keith’s close friends, could be heard cheering for the Slytherin team amongst the sea of Hufflepuff students. He glanced up at the commentating podium and saw the familiar mess of short brown hair that belonged to his best friend.<br/>
“And here come the Slytherins, led of cause by their Captain, Kogane, who has made a couple of changes to last year’s team…” Pidge’s voice was amplified throughout the stadium.<br/>
Across the pitch, Keith could see the Gryffindor team emerging from their changing room, to tumultuous applause from their stand - led, of course, by Lance, broomstick over his shoulder. Pidge’s voice could be heard introducing them to the pitch.<br/>
Madam Hooch was waiting for them in the very centre, a crate containing the four balls open at her feet. Keith glanced down at the snitch, sitting still and peaceful in the open box. He wasn’t fooled – as soon as Madam Hooch set it loose it was capable of flying at immense speeds.<br/>
“Captains, shake hands,” Madam Hooch said, whistle already dangling from her mouth. Keith’s attention snapped up onto Lance. He was approaching him, hand outstretched. For the first time Keith had ever seen Lance looked a bit - nervous? He reached out his hand and firmly shook Keith’s, gripping it tightly. His fingers tingled at the brief contact. Lance smiled at him, his eyebrows raised.<br/>
“Good luck,” he said his tone full of confidence, though his features still looked nervous.<br/>
“Right back at you. I’m sure you’ll need it more than us,” Keith said, motioning confidently to his team behind him with a grin.<br/>
“We’ll see. May the best team win,” Lance said cheerfully, throwing a wink at Nyma who stood on Keith’s left. Keith scowled irritably, annoyed both by Lance’s audacity to flirt with members of his team, and by how good he looked doing it.<br/>
“Mount your brooms,” came Madam Hooch’s voice again, slurred as she talked around her whistle. Keith swung one leg over his broom, anxious to be up in the air. At the sound of her whistle, Keith kicked off from the ground hard. His team shot into the air in perfect unison, the silver on their kit blinding in the early morning sun. Keith felt his nerves leave him in the thrill of the flight; this was where he felt most confident, piloting his broom. Several feet away, the Gryffindor team followed suit. Keith had to supress a grin as the keeper kicked off too hard and barrelled into Lance, knocking the other seeker off balance. He sped away gleefully across the pitch. When he glanced back, he saw that Lance had recovered from the Keeper incident and was hovering a few metres away, clearly waiting to tail him. This must be a new tactic of the Gryffindors. Keith grinned at him evilly, before speeding away again in search of the snitch.<br/>
“And it’s Gryffindor in possession, Denis Creevey of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, Denis of course is in his final year of Hogwarts which makes him a very experienced player, and he’s heading for the Slytherin goalposts! Oh! Nice bludger work by Slytherin beater Nyma, unfortunately not enough for him to drop the Quaffle, he’s at the goalposts now – HE SCORES! Ten-Zero to Gryffindor, I hope Slytherin can bring this back-“ there was some displeased tutting from the teacher sat beside Pidge; after all, the commentating was supposed to be unbiased.<br/>
Keith cursed. Barely a minute in and Gryffindor were already in the lead. He saw Lance cheering and punching the air along with the Gryffindors in the crowd. Taking this as his chance, Keith tipped the handle of his broom forward and streaked away. By the time Lance had finished celebrating, Keith was at the other end of the pitch and Lance’s plans for tailing him were destroyed.<br/>
Now that he was away from Lance, Keith felt completely undistracted and began scanning the air for the snitch. He slowly began circling the pitch, his eyes squinting in the glaring sunlight. On more than one occasion he started, heart pumping excitedly at what he thought was the little winged ball, but it always turned out to be the glint of a fellow players golden watch-strap.<br/>
Suddenly, another flash of gold caught his eye. Yes! This time it really was the snitch! Keith could see it hovering teasingly halfway down the Gryffindor goal posts. Heart beating wildly with adrenaline, Keith surged forward, falling dramatically into a steep dive as he headed for his prize. Vaguely, he heard Pidge pause mid-sentence to comment on what he was doing.<br/>
“And it looks like Slytherin seeker Keith Kogane has seen something! Yes! He is diving for the snitch and- AH! Blocked by Gryffindor seeker, Lance McClain. Unlucky this time, Keith.”<br/>
They were right. Keith had been blocked. He was metres away from the snitch when Lance had swerved in front of him, seemingly out of nowhere and grinning wildly, completely blocking Keith’s view. Yelling in frustration, he swerved around Lance to search the area where the snitch had been. But it was now nowhere to be seen. Too annoyed to think of anything to say to Lance, Keith lost no time in speeding higher up into the air, back to his previous position to continue his hunt. Keith glanced behind him and discovered that Lance had returned to his previous tactic of tailing him.<br/>
“What’s your deal, McClain?” Keith yelled, eyeing Lance as he continued to streak along next to him. “Too lazy to look for the snitch on your own?”<br/>
At this, Lance just laughed, cocking one eyebrow at Keith.<br/>
“I’ve got a plan, Kogane, don’t you worry.”<br/>
“And what’s this?” Pidge’s voice came again from bellow. “It appears the two seekers are having a flirtatious mid-air discussion, you could seriously cut the sexual tension between those two with a knife. I don’t even know if they’re trying to catch the snitch or each other anymore-“<br/>
“GUNDERSON!” bellowed the professor next to Pidge, even attempting to snatch the microphone away.<br/>
“Sorry, sorry...” Pidge could be heard muttering, accompanied by laughs from the audience. Keith felt himself growing extremely hot around his neck and face. Why, why had Pidge had to say that? Especially when it wasn’t at all true. Keith glanced at Lance and was surprised to see he looked just as embarrassed as Keith felt. This was unusual – normally Lance was the sort to enjoy jokes like that. Lance threw a small, embarrassed smile at him, shrugging as if to say ‘what the hell?’. Keith was extremely side-tracked by how cute he looked doing this.<br/>
No. He shook his head, trying to clear it. He could not let himself get distracted. Gryffindor had already scored three goals, to Slytherin’s two, putting them in the lead at-<br/>
“Thirty-twenty to Gryffindor! That’ the current score, although it soon may change as Slytherin chaser Clearwater approaches the goalposts, come on Selena! She swerves to avoid the Keeper and YES! SHE SCORES, making the score a level thirty-thirty!"<br/>
Keith celebrated ecstatically along with the rest of his team, cheering loudly and watching as Selena Clearwater did a lap of the pitch, pumping her fist in the air. They were now drawing with Gryffindor! If Keith caught the snitch now, his team would win the match by a hundred-and-fifty points, putting them in a great position in terms of winning the championship. Keith doubled his efforts, flying slowly around the pitch, his eyes straining for any hint of gold. Lance was still following him, though at a further distance than before. Both boys were determined not to lose.<br/>
The game progressed and Keith was not having much luck – the only sighting he’d have off the snitch continued to be the time Lance had blocked him. Keith assumed he had done this because Keith had a faster broom, and therefor Lance would not have made it if he tried to race him there. There had been a relatively long stretch with no goals from either team – both keepers were performing very well.<br/>
All of a sudden, a well-aimed bludger hit by a Gryffindor beater whizzed towards Keith. It was so close to him, he had no time to do anything but roll. The bludger skimmed past him, so close he felt it brush the side of his shoulder. He rolled quicker, and before he knew it, was hanging upside down in the air. He quickly righted himself, feeling disorientated and slightly dizzy by the blood that had rushed to his head. Before he had even had chance to get his bearings again, he saw it – it was hovering almost directly below him, right at the base of the Gryffindor stand. Adrenaline instantly pumping, he pushed himself straight into a vertical dive. He could feel himself slipping forward on his broom, gravity dragging him down. Gritting his teeth, he gripped the handle tighter, willing himself to not slip right over the front.<br/>
That was when he saw Lance – the other boy had been a little way below Keith. When he saw that Keith was diving, he’d instantly dived too, heading for the snitch – and being closer to the floor, he was now in front! Keith pushed his broom harder, putting on an extra spurt of speed. He was gaining on the other boy – now so close that he could have stretched out a hand and touched his broom’s tail.<br/>
His superior broom was now drawing level with Lance’s. Determination filled him as he pushed his firebolt as fast as it could go. A sudden thought struck him; the snitch looked as if it was only about a metre or two from the ground. Keith would be very lucky if he managed to pull up in time after catching it to avoid smashing into the floor. He gritted his teeth again, pushing this fear from his mind. He could do this.<br/>
Twenty metres from the ground.<br/>
Fifteen.<br/>
Ten.<br/>
Lance suddenly disappeared from his side, pulling up to avoid crashing into the ground. Keith kept on going. He was so close. He stretched out his right hand, meaning only his left was gripping the handle and stopping him falling forward off his broom. The ground was only five meters away. He reached out for the ball, stretching as far as he could, waiting until he felt his fingers curl triumphantly around it.<br/>
Closing his eyes and bracing for the impact, he pulled his broom up as sharply as he could with his left hand. The sudden change in velocity was too much for Keith’s balance; he rolled right off his broom.<br/>
Luckily, he was barely three feet from the ground. He landed with a jarring bump, and continued to roll across the grass.<br/>
When he finally came to a stop and dared to open his eyes, he was staring straight up at the Gryffindor stand. The students were leaning anxiously over the side to see what had happened. There were some that clearly hoped Keith had injured himself – but when they saw the tiny golden ball, fluttering defeated in his hand, looks of horrified disappointment crossed their faces.<br/>
All through his intense vertical dive, Keith seemed to have lost his sense of hearing. But it now came back to him in one tremendous roar. Half of the crowd, especially the Slytherin stand, were going wild. It hit Keith; they had won. He’d caught the snitch! They’d won a hundred-and-eighty points to thirty!<br/>
Slowly he sat up, an enormous grin spreading across his face as it really hit him. A few metres away, he could see his broom hovering in mid-air where he’d fallen off it. That was the last thing he saw before the rest of his team smashed into him. He was engulfed by a thick layer of bodies, green and silver robes, and loud yelling. Six pairs of hands were helping him to his feet, and slapping him on his back in triumph. Keith was in ecstasy. What a fantastic start to his career as Captain! He couldn’t have hoped for the match to turn out better! Vaguely he could hear Pidge on their microphone, repeating Slytherin’s winning score again and again in victory.<br/>
A few meters away, the Gryffindor team were landing, mostly looking angry and disappointed, though giving Keith impressed looks all the same.<br/>
However, the grin on Lance’s face couldn’t have been wider. Keith watched him walk up to him in confusion.<br/>
“Well played, Kogane,” Lance said. “I’m not ashamed to admit that’s one of the coolest dives I’ve ever seen. I couldn’t have done it.”<br/>
Keith felt himself blushing, and grinned back at him. “Thank you. Yours wasn’t too bad either.”<br/>
Lance started to smile happily.<br/>
“Although obviously not as good as mine,” Keith added playfully, nudging Lance’s shoulder. Lance laughed in surprise.<br/>
“Don’t push it, Kogane,” he said, still laughing as he headed back to join the Gryffindor team. The stupid grin still plastered all over Keith’s face, he turned back to his team too. There would definitely be a long afternoon of celebrating ahead of them.</p>
  </div>
  