
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p> </p><p>It is unclear what is going on. Henry is feeling all kinds of emotions - confusion, dread, but the strongest of them all was fear. Why was he feeling fear? Because his dear classmate was being attacked by a huge hound with glowing, red eyes in the Forbidden Forest, somewhere they were not even supposed to be. He could not do anything but to yell “no, please don’t, leave him alone!” as his friend was struggling, but the hound did not hear nor look at him. Tears were streaming down his cheeks and he was sobbing, noticing that his friend had stopped with the struggling meaning that he is now dead. Henry had to get out of there. He stood up, took a last look at the hound who was staring straight at him and ran the way they had entered the woods. He ran and ran and ran, not looking back again, trying to escape.<br/> <br/> He had finally made it out and stopped running after a while, his skin pale and his eyes wide. “What’s wrong?” asked a teacher, Professor Sprout to be more exact that had spotted him as she was picking something out of the grass. He did not respond, the image of the hound replaying in his head. “What were you even doing in the Forbidden Forest? What is your name, mister?”, Professor Sprout asked. Henry was still in shock and all he did was stare at the professor, his hands shaking. He gathered himself and took a deep breath. “Henry Knight, ma’am. Hufflepuff, sixth year. I-I was... My friend got attacked in the forest- I couldn’t do anything to help him--”, Henry broke down in sobs, covering his hands with his face as he tried to explain the event, but he couldn’t. Professor Sprout got surprised and put a hand on the student’s shoulder to try and calm him down. “There, there. Let’s get inside and you can explain everything then, yes?” Henry tried to calm himself down and followed the professor into the building. This was going to be a long night.<br/> <br/> The morning after, someone got to know about this crime from his brother via a phone call. “You could not have arrived at my doorstep to tell me all of this? Really Mycroft?”, the male said, his eyebrows furrowing. “Oh well. I guess I’ll have to deal with this. Thank you”. He hung up and rubbed over his eyes, letting out a deep sigh. “What is it, Sherlock?” asked his assistant. “This case will be a hard one, Watson. This is one that I’ll have to deal with on my own.” Watson lowered his newspaper to look at Sherlock, his eyebrow raised. “What?” He asked ridiculously. They always solved a case together. “By yourself? I mean, I know you can handle it, but we have always been together--” Watson was interrupted by Sherlock shushing him. “I know that, Watson. But I can’t bring you with me on this one. That’s just the way it is.” His partner sighed, shaking his head. “Alright then. But we have to keep in contact so that I know it’s all going well.” Sherlock nodded and started to pack the things he needed for this case before throwing on his coat. “Of course. I’ll be back soon.” Sherlock said before leaving their shared apartment and hauled a cab to go and meet up Mycroft. “This will be a mess for sure.” He mumbled to himself, looking out the window.<br/> <br/> After paying the cab driver, he met his brother at a shady place. It was dreary outside, and it had just finished raining. Sherlock spotted his brother and made his way towards him. “What in the bloody hell is all of this about?” was the first thing that Sherlock said when he neared Mycroft. “Well, hello to you too brother. You are going to very special place.” Sherlock was quiet for a moment before letting out a chuckle. “Stop pulling my leg, Mycroft. What is this all about?” Sherlock asked. “I’m serious. You’re going to a place that I cannot tell you the name of now. There will be magic, things you’ve never experienced before, brother. It will be a change of scenery for you.” Sherlock sighed loud and shook his head in disbelief. “Alright, if you say so. Where are we off to so I can get to this... special place?” He asked his brother, sceptical. Mycroft lead Sherlock to a car that has been waiting for them. When they sat inside the car, Mycroft started to talk again. “There is someone that will be escorting you there. You wouldn’t be able to go there by yourself.” Sherlock huffed at that. “Are you underestimating me, brother?” he asked, a hint of smugness in his voice. “Oh no, definitely not, but it is literally impossible for you to find it. Only those who are wizards or witches can actually find the place. Since you are not a wizard, you need certain access, which is why you will have an escort.” Sherlock grunted and made himself comfortable in his seat, staring out the window. “So, what happened?” he asked Mycroft. “No one actually knows how the crime played out-- Well, there is one witness. He was there during the incident. One of the students, I believe.” Mycroft said, tapping his finger against his knee. “You’ll get the details later. Now, stop asking so many questions and be patient, brother.” Sherlock glared at him for a while before huffing and trying to think of what kind of crime this could be.</p><p> When they arrived, it was at a strange hotel he had never seen or heard about before. Making their way into the building, Sherlock observed his surroundings. They took the elevator to the top floor and were quick to stand in front of a door to one of the rooms. “Are you ready for this, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked with a smirk. “Always ready, brother. You know that I am.” Mycroft knocked three times before opening the room and entering. “Good day, my companion.” Mycroft greeted the person occupying the room. Sherlock had to crane his neck to look up at this giant. “Oh my...”</p><p> </p><p> </p>
  </div>
  