
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Rowena Ravenclaw was born and raised in a small village in Scotland, not far from where Hogwarts is located today. When Rowena was very young, her mother died in childbirth, giving birth to her younger brother Ean. Her father was a medicine man and she learned a lot about the profession from her father as he had often brought her along. Rowena always had a passion for knowledge and loved to learn. She would read any book and keep an interest in anything she was given. It was never easy to grow up without a mother and neither was it easy to be such a wise woman in those days. When she was to turn 17, they moved to France where her father would be working for the royal king. Her father died shortly after their migration and her brother soon joined the French army. Rowena then moved to a small town near the port to continue her father’s work, and became quite popular among the villagers.</p><p>One day, Rowena saved the life of a well-respected and prosperous woman who had taken ill. As a token of gratitude Rowena was offered to marry the lady’s son. His name was Herman Granger and he worked at the city’s council. Rowena thought that he was kind and seemed wealthy enough to support her and a family, so she chose to marry him. She had longed for a child for some time, but hadn’t found a man she wanted to get engaged with. Herman thought that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, and she really was. She was intelligent, had wit and she had the most amazing, gleaming green eyes. Many men in the village fancied her and the women envied her. It was not safe for a woman like that to be unwed. </p><p>Rowena never loved her husband, but she respected him and thought that he was a good father to their son, Patrick. Her husband treated her kindly and often listened to her crazy ideas. Rowena who always found new things to learn, had developed an interest in astrology and confessed to her husband that dark times were coming, after she had done a reading of the stars. She had seen death and illness, she told him.  Despite him knowing her as being a wise woman, he never believed that she was a fortune teller or could tell prophecies. He would happily listen to her strange dreams and of new things she had learnt, but these things he did not wish to hear about. He was not a superstitious man, but he sometimes feared her as he had seen her do strange things. Things he didn’t know were real or if he had only dreamt it. He never asked her about it, nor did they ever speak of it. Their marriage lasted for seven years until something happened that would change the lives of the villagers forever. The smallpox came to town. When Rowena couldn’t cure the residents and the disease kept on spreading, she was accused of witchcraft and brought to trial for causing the illness. This belief was partially because she and her family never caught the disease even though Rowena were in close contact with the ill. No one suspected the ship that had come in to the port to be the cause and needed someone to blame.</p><p>Herman, who knew his spouse was different, as well started to believe that she was to blame for the disease that had infected the town. He wasn’t convinced that she was uninvolved and failed her when he didn’t swear an oath of her innocence during the trial. She was sentenced to be burned at the stake and nobody came to her defense.</p><p>Right before the turmoil started, Rowena gave her son a claw of a raven and made him promise that it would to be their secret. <br/>“You shall keep it for good luck, my love,  and make sure to pass it on for the next generation. Tell your children to give it to their children”.<br/>She never told him that the claw brought good luck of having sons and not conceiving daughters. The magic powers of the Raven family were only transferred to daughters and knowing this, she knew her son and his future children would be safe.The smallpox and witch hunt wouldn’t end with her death and many other women would be accused of witchcraft several years following. </p><p>At the bonfire, her son and husband witnessed her execution while the crowd cheered, believing that the town would no longer be cursed. When the fire rose and her body was no longer visible through the flames, her son saw a black raven leaving the fire. He felt something scratching against his leg and he pulled out the claw from his pocket. For a moment, it looked as the claw was waving at him. He knew his mother was involved somehow and quickly put it back into his pocket.</p><p>Rowena escaped from the fire as a black raven and fled back to Scotland, her homeland, where she had always felt safe. It was spring and most of the birds had not yet returned to the island. She was alone in the sky and she could finally smell the fresh air from the mountains as she flew over the highlands. At her arrival, without destination, she thought of an old friend of hers, Helga Hufflepuff. Helga was a caring and sympathetic woman and Rowena knew that she could trust Helga with her life, even if they hadn’t seen each other for many years. She came to Helga for shelter and Helga was joyous to see Rowena, but didn’t seem surprised, as she knew that Rowena was coming. </p><p>A few weeks passed and Rowena had slept most of the time and she hadn’t eaten much. She felt too sick to eat and thought that she might be dying, that the transformation and escape had just given her some time, but that she couldn’t cheat death. Helga wasn’t really worried about Rowena’s nausea or fatigue when Rowena told her that she thought she was dying. <br/>“Why are you expecting to die, Rowena? You are not dying, my dear. You are expecting a child, a daughter” said Helga.<br/>She realized that Helga was right and smiled for the first time since she had left France. </p><p>Rowena’s morning sickness gradually wore off thanks to the potion Helga had made for her. She now ate well again and started to gain some weight. Helga had always been a good cook and was happy to have someone to cook for. Or, two more to cook for. <br/>The two friends ate well and drank wine each evening at supper. Rowena was feeling better and shared her ideas of changing the lives of the children who were blessed with abilities. She wanted a better life for her daughter and feared that she would have to face the same ill-fortune as her mother one day. It was not safe to be among those who didn’t understand. The two women both agreed that they had had a hard time growing up, being different and not always being able to control their special powers at all times. Helga brought to mind the time when her friend Jack Weasley had been angry with Christopher Muggle for picking on his sister, so he decided to turn Christopher into a frog. He had later realized that this was not a good idea and didn’t know how to reverse the spell. He had been so scared of being caught that he turned himself into a toad and tried threatening Christopher in froggish to not say a word. If he did, he would turn his whole family into frogs. Jack’s mother who had to take care of the mess was so angry with her son that she forbid all of her children to use magic outside the house. <br/>“You cannot use magic outside the house, son! and you shall keep away from The Muggles from now on!<br/>Rowena laughed and then understood where the word muggle so frequently used came from.</p><p>While Rowena planned for the future, she still felt sad about leaving her son behind. She wanted to see him but felt it wasn’t safe for her to return to France, where they all thought of her as dead. She wasn’t really sure that her son even wanted to see her anymore or, if he even missed her. He might have thought of her as an evil witch, who deserved to die. Helga, to whom she to confessed her worries, tried reassuring her that she needed to stop worrying and regain focus of her future. But Helga knew that Rowena was heartbroken and had lost her confidence and ambition. It would take time for her to recover. This was not the best time in Rowena’s life, but it did make her want to change the world even more after feeling defeated. Helga suggested that Rowena should find another way to watch over her son from distance. It was not safe for her to return and she also needed to regain her strength as she soon would go into labour. </p><p>Four months had now passed and Rowena decided to go for a walk and visit Helga in the garden. She saw something in the sky flying over their heads and soon realized that it had been an eagle. Rowena remembered one of the times she and her father had gone fishing right before they had moved to France. He had been telling her about the French when they saw an eagle passing them close by. Her father had then told her the legend of an eagle who lived in the area. <br/>“The eagle, the king of birds, is courageous, tenacious, fearless, has perfect vision and is nurturing for its young. Your mother was an eagle you know, the raven in you is a gift from my ancestors.“<br/>Rowena thought that it might have been her mother they had spotted and felt warm inside, knowing her mother was still around to look after her. </p><p>So, the next day, Rowena went to the nearest town to find a blacksmith and ask him to make her a crown of an eagle. The blacksmith refused to make her such a thing as this was considered treason and a high crime to the royal kingdom. She asked him to reconsider and instead make her a diadem. She gave him four blue gemstones and told him to keep one of them as payment and she promised him to never reveal who had helped her make the diadem. He accepted the stone and agreed to make her the diadem. Helga helped Rowena to enchant the largest stone on the diadem that would give her better self-awareness. She had never been able to see her own beauty and strength and needed to, before she could care for others. Through this stone, she would see what Helga saw and never again feel defeated or inferior. Rowena who was a wise woman was often oblivious when it came to herself. Helga knew her better than anyone else ever had, and for that she was grateful. <br/>The round stone beneath symbolised the shape of her belly of her first pregnancy with her son. The oval shaped stone lowermost symbolised her yet unborn daughter and her second child. Through these stones she would to be able to watch over her children wherever they were and would always have them close.<br/>The stones were ensured to only serve the true owner of the diadem and cause misfortune for any embezzler getting its hands on it. Helga praised Rowena for her creation and Rowena who felt pride and was feeling witty replied to her: “Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure, don’t you think?”</p><p>That same night she had the strangest dream about a warty hog who had lead her to the end of a cliff by the lake. She knew instantly which lake it was. It was the same lake her father and she had gone to for fishing in the summers. She told Helga about her dream the morning after and felt worried. Helga, who knew a little about dream telling reassured her that the dream didn’t mean the end of something, but it meant the very beginning of something. The dream, the pregnancy and the safety of blessed children is what got Rowena to think of building a school of magic. The children wouldn’t just learn to control their powers and learn useful sorcery, but they would also feel united and that they were among equals. To not having to feel like outsiders or feel unsafe. But there had to be rules for sure. Children definitely needed rules. She and Helga continued to brainstorm, and soon  realized that they needed two more elements to be able to create a perfectly balanced place for the children. According to the ancients and the astrology, they would need the power of four- air, fire, water and earth. These four elements were considered to be the critical energy forces that sustained life and to connect with them would raise awareness with nature and the relationship with the divine. They were now missing fire and water to be able to construct harmony.</p>
  </div>
  