
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Severus POV:</p>
<p>I make my way up from the dungeons, my black school robes billowing behind me. Lily and I have started spending our weekends in the room of requirement, sometimes even spending the night. We stumbled across it when looking for a place to hide from McGonagall after breaking an ancient statue. I would long for the end of the week where I could escape from reality for awhile with Lily. After a week of relentless bullying from the marauders, I go to what i call my "in real life heaven." I quickly stalk towards the room of requirement, carefully avoiding teachers and students. I look around for any witnesses and slip through the door. Lily was laying on one of the many fluffy cushions scattered across the room. She looks up from the book in her hand and gives a gentle smile. "Hello Sev, snacks?" She waves a bag of crisps in my direction. "Hey, sure." I grab the bag of salty deliciousness from her hand and plop down on the cushion beside her. "What are you reading?" She brandishes the cover, "How to get a guy to like you." She chuckles, and I scowl. "It was a joke gift from one of the girls, it's quite hilarious." She starts reading out the most ridiculous tips. She suddenly stops reading and looks me up and down. "what?" I ask her with a defensive tone. "What if we tried out some of these makeover tips, just for fun," She smirks. "Lily no, I refuse to stoop that low," I start scooting away as she advances on me. "Come on Sev, it'll be fun I swear," she whines. I succumb to her puppy eyes, "fine." Her eyes light up, "Yes! Thank you, this is going to be so much fun!" I roll my eyes as she drags me up and out of the room.</p>
<p>"Alright, first we have to make the room fit for a makeover," we sit in silence for a few minutes as she concentrated on conjuring up the perfect room. "Ok!" She finally says, "it should be perfect!" we opened the door tentatively. Lily did a great job on the place, it looked like a salon but homier. It had cushy armchairs in the corner and a vanity fully equipped for a mega makeover. "Let's get started!" She thumbed through the book until she found the right page and plopped it on the vanity. "Now before we start, I like you just the way you are, this is just for fun, Got it?" I'm startled by her sudden confession, "uh.. ya.. Ok" She smiles brightly, "Ok lets start with your hair. Come come." She beckons me with her hand towards the sink. After an hour of lily deep scrubbing my scalp and then using a drying spell we succeeded in phase one. My hair felt soft and silky and I'll have to admit, it looks better than it ever has. Lily tied it up in what she calls a "man-bun" and we proceed to phase two. She straightens out and whitens my teeth with a some cosmetic spell and then fixes my oily skin. "You know maybe if you didn't slave away over potions you wouldn't sweat so much." She giggles and picks up the book and flips to the next chapter. "Alright let's fix that attitude and posture." It was nearly 2:00am when she finally decided that we were done. "Perfect, you look amazing." She gazes proudly at her work. "Great, can we go to sleep now, we have class tomorrow." I moan. "Haha, alright." We cuddle up in an armchair and drift of to sleep.</p>
<p>Lily and I wake up in tangle of limbs. "Come on Sev, we gotta get to breakfast," Lily fixes her robes and walks over towards me and starts pulling at my hair. "Ow, bloody hell what are you doing!" She continues to run her fingers through my freshly washed hair. "I'm fixing it, your hair is a mess after sleeping." After she re-establishes the bun we gather our bags and make our way to the great hall. "Bye Sev, see you in class!" She winks then makes her way through the doors. I feel a pit in my stomach, god I hope nobody looks at me. As soon as I walked through the doors I could feel people staring at me from all directions. I remember my training from Lily and swagger over to the Slytherin table.</p>
  </div>
  