
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p align="left">Voldemort and his Death Eaters were defeated over twenty years ago, and since then a sort of peace has fallen over the Wizarding World. Despite all the upheaval, life, and Hogwarts, managed to carry on. Once again a new school year is beginning at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and though there are plenty of new faces amidst the staff, some remain the same. If, perhaps, those familiar faces are a trifle older, good manners suggests that we pay it no mind. Some of these noble instructors are survivors and heroes of the Battle of Hogwarts. Unfortunately, as is the way of such things, for many of the students raised in the magical world, the fateful skirmish is just one more boring story that the adults whisper about late at night, or reminisce on over mugs of Butterbeer and games of Wizard’s Chess. In a flurry of feathers, Hogwarts letters are scattered about the United Kingdom, filling the minds of the chosen young people with either eagerness or trepidation, dependant upon their personalities.</p><p align="left">One such family is that of Josephine Ngo, called Jo by her close friends. Her parents Lina and Jon, wealthy purebloods from a far away land, immigrated to the rolling hills of Derbyshire when the sprout was just over a year old, and she has known no other home. She is singularly untouched by the trials that the Wizarding World faced in her adoptive home, though even her family harbours secrets. Jo is an almost-eleven-year-old Vietnamese girl, with shaggily cut black hair and amber eyes. She is short for her age, about 4'2", and lightly tanned from long hours spent outside. She's thin, but muscular, with a missing front tooth and a crooked grin. Upon receiving her letter she dashed down the way to the residence of her closest compatriot, Wilbert Li. The two families were drawn together, both by their pureblood status, and by their shared stories of immigration to the greener pastures outside of Hadfield. Young Jo is greeted at the door by Wilbert’s mother, Lam, dressed in her Auror uniform and clearly about to head to work. Laughing at the eager young lass, Lam informs Jo that her friend is in the kitchen, eating his breakfast and reading over the letter.</p><p align="left">Jo dashes through towards the kitchen, pausing to bow before the small family shrine in one corner of the room, pausing to admire the picture of Wilbert’s father, Po. He was a handsome young Auror, killed five years ago in an unfortunate, muggle-related incident. Respect paid, she continued her mad dash towards the kitchen, calling Wilbert’s name. Wilbert was a sturdy young lad of eleven, taking more after his Chinese father than his Vietnamese mother. He too has black hair, though his is trimmed short and kept neat. He is much taller than Jo, standing about 4'11", and though he has the tan and muscles of an active young man, he also has a bit of pudge around his middle from late night snacking while reading under the covers. The two young mischief makers plotted their grand plans, including a visit to Diagon Alley for the essentials. Naturally their parents would take care of the mundane supplies such as books and robes, but one had to see old Ollivander personally to receive their wand, and really, who would want to miss out on that?</p><p align="left">At work Mrs. Li runs into Kassandra Alexandros, a fellow Auror, and they share a fond moment discussing their children’s mornings. Kassandra’s daughter Kira also received her letter that morning, which was a relief to the younger Auror. She had worried that there would be no such morning, as Kira’s father had been a muggle. Fears allayed, she was able to enjoy their morning chat as they rode the elevators to their respective floors. Her sweet Kira had her same pale skin and long brown hair, with the same wide grey eyes and smattering of freckles. Kassandra could tell that her girl would be tall, she was already 4'8", with the broad shoulders and wide grin of her muggle father.</p><p align="left">Further north, in Edinburgh, an owl swoops in the open door of a potion shop, startling Evelynda Darkwood and her daughter. The young girl, no more than eight or nine, catches it up and waves it around in excitement. Evelynda smiled at the antics. “Serena, go fetch your brother from the back room and let him have his letter. He’s been waiting most anxiously.” Both her youngsters showed early signs of magic, and a knack for her own specialty of potions, but she knew that young Raka fretted that their absentee father’s status as a muggle might jeopardize that. He did take after his father quite a bit, with his messy brown hair and blue eyes. He was already over 5' tall, and so skinny he looked like he could break in half. She never could alleviate his worries, or his constant urge to somehow overcome that half of himself.</p><p align="left">Our final student of interest is not as pleased with her letter as her compatriots. In fact, Wendelin Snape from Adare in County Limerick, greeted the owl with fear and worry. Wendelin had the olive-toned complexion of her Spanish grandmother, and bright green eyes. The girl was 4'7" and pleasantly plump, just starting to show the curves of the woman she would one day be. Unfortunately, her mom's half-Spanish blood was not the only secret their family held. There had been stories circulating the family that great-grandfather’s brother had married someone a bit daft, and that grandfather never really had anything to do with his cousin. Eventually, that side of the family faded into obscurity, and no one much knew what happened to them, and that was how the family liked it. Now Wendelin sat at the table with her father, a respectable lawyer, and her mother, who was his secretary, and let worry overtake her as old family history was dredged up. “Perhaps I can simply not go, father? If we ignore it, maybe I can just continue on into Sixth Class at Our Lady’s Abbey and…” The screeching of an owl interrupted her, and her parents kindly played hooky from work to ease her troubled mind, and to assure her that this was not something you could just pretend away.</p><p align="left">That weekend, wizards of all bents and miens congregated in London, swamping the streets of Diagon Alley in their finest. Youngsters ogled brooms in the window of Quality Quidditch Supplies, while others came out of Magical Menagerie or Eeylops Owl Emporium carting their new familiar. Jo and Wilbert’s family met up in The Leaky Cauldron, nursing the small mug of Butterbeer each that Lam had purchased for them while their parent’s sat nearby catching up. Kassandra and her daughter arrived, waving to Mrs. Li before finding their own seats. Ms. Darkwood soon entered, Raka tight at her side, wide eyes taking in everything. He made a beeline for Kira, introducing himself much to the girl’s surprise. They shook hands, and the pair both begged a few Knuts from their parents in order to get a drink. The bartender refused to serve them Butterbeer, and instead of settling for pumpkin juice, the duo pocketed their coins.</p><p align="left">The arrival of the Snapes was far more noticeable than young Wendelin would have preferred, and she could already feel a headache coming on. Her mother remarked on everything, pointing and gesticulating like an overwrought German tourist despite her father’s steadying presence. Thankfully they couldn’t stay in the pub, since they had to go into Diagon Alley to exchange their money for whatever it was witches and wizards used. Wendelin blushed as several kids her age eyed her curiously, though she caught a sympathetic half-smile from the handsome young Raka Darkwood. They rushed through to the back, where they were greeted by a charming swarm of redheads also heading to the Alley. The sea of gingers introduced themselves collectively as the Weasleys, and Wendelin was overwhelmed. Names flew about, but the only one that truly caught her attention was a boy around her age, who introduced himself as Louis.</p><p align="left">As friendly and helpful as they were, Wendelin was glad to be free of them, that is, until they entered Gringott’s, the Wizarding Bank. Deborah Staley-Snape let out a screech like a train whistle, and her daughter was required to escort her out while her father made apologies, and then exchanged his money with a scowling goblin. Normally a frugal man, the system of knuts, sickles, and galleons was far beyond Nicholas Snape. The equivalencies were nothing short of nonsensical, and as they journeyed from shop to shop, he found himself simply handing the strange coins to his young daughter and hoping that the magic within her would make some semblance of sense out of it all. More and more he had to soothe his wife, often the adults would wait outside and let Wendelin deal with the shopping on her own.</p><p align="left">They finally came to the end of the row, a garish building labelled Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes. Just inside she spotted a flurry of redheads, assumedly the previously acquainted Weasleys, who apparently were related to the owners of the establishment. Wendelin wasn’t sure she needed to go inside a joke and sweet shop, but she caught sight of the handsome young Louis, and for reasons she couldn’t quite comprehend, decided to enter. Her father gladly handed over the final dozen or so galleons to her, and she failed to notice the astonished look of young Raka Darkwood, who had come up behind with his own mother.</p><p align="left">He immediately turned to Evelynda. “Mum! Can I have some money to spend at Weasley’s? Please? Please<em>pleasepleaseplease</em>?”</p><p align="left">His mother frowned. “We don’t have much extra, Raka. The textbooks alone were rather pricey. Maybe next time.” Unswayed, she turned to head towards the exit, and Raka, in a rash move, attempted to help himself to his mother’s purse. A firm and came down, pinching his ear cruelly and giving him a shake. “Raka! When I say no, I mean no!”</p><p align="left">“You always said yes before…” he whined, noticing some of the young people from The Leaky Cauldron watching the scene, and flushing red with embarrassment. His mother gave him a furious scolding, uncaring of their audience, and then apparated them both home, where she continued to lecture him, setting him to scrubbing all the cauldrons in her potion shop.</p><p align="left">All in all, a fairly average day in Diagon Alley, but one that none of the young people were likely to forget.</p>
  </div>
  