
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>“Thank you for that report Lucius, your efforts have been noted.” Lord Voldemort said with a smirk as he looked to Bellatrix. “Where is she? She is late.” He said feigning anger.<br/>
Just as Bellatrix was about to offer to find the girl, the doors to the hall in which they were sat swung open. Everyone else was seated, everyone else was on time, yet here she was. She was bloodied and had cuts across her neck and forearms, it was clear as to why she had been delayed. Negotiations had not gone well.</p><p>“There she is, the lady of the hour. Come here, Rose.” The Dark Lord said as he awaited his youngest servant to kneel beside him.<br/>
“I apologise profusely, my Lord. The trolls did not take a liking to me. I was very persistent about the cause, but they seemed to not understand the gravity of the situation. I know that I have failed you, but they said that they would prefer a wizard over a witch.” Rose said as she bent her head towards the floor, she clenched her fists as to prevent herself from shaking. She could not let him now just how terrified she truly was.</p><p>“Let me heal this.” The Dark Lord said as though he had not heard a word of what she had just said. He turned her neck to the side and began to remove the blood and scars that had started to fester. “I knew that they wanted a wizard. This was a test, you have passed. Lucius will visit them tomorrow.” He said as he continued along her forearm. He stopped and waited for her to look up, she met his dark eyes and waited. “Sit.” He said as he gestured to one of the chairs along the table. She nodded and took her place, she sat next to Rabastan who didn’t seem to acknowledge her presence. She placed her hands in her lap and moved the loose strands of hair away from her face and took a moment to collect herself.</p><p>“She has the same fire Bellatrix had at her age, she shows great promise.” Lord Voldemort said to the table as he let Nagini slither onto his lap and then to the table, he was met with indistinct murmurs and nods. Bellatrix herself was unhappy with the remark, her hostility towards the brunette witch only seemed to increase the further they went into the war and Rose knew that as soon as the Dark Lord left, Bella would have her fun with her. It was at this point that Rose chose to look up, she saw Ms Malfoy staring at her, she gave her a tentative smile and didn’t think much of it.</p><p>“Unlike some of you, Rose here has higher stakes in the war. She has a family at stake doesn’t she? She understands the importance of not failing her Lord.” Lord Voldemort said as he looked at her, if she was sacred no one could tell. She composed herself and confidently let out a “Yes, my lord.” It was at this point that he moved onto Snape, she could finally take a breath. As Snape continued to drone on about the Order, Ms Malfoy excused herself when one of the house elves came up to her. The Dark Lord paid no attention and the youngest black sister left the room unnoticed. Rose diverted her eyes to Bellatrix who listened intently to the conversation between the Dark Lord and the Hogwarts professor. She wished she had Narcissa’s power to slip away unseen, yet she was stuck. Personally, she had no stake in the war, if she had the choice she probably wouldn’t have joined a side or would have joined the Order, yet here she was.</p><p>She thought about her mother and her younger sisters. She missed them terribly, yet it was up to her to keep them safe. He used them as a threat and the first time he tortured her 14 year old sister, she decided to join the Death Eaters. She could not risk anything happening to them, so she made her peace with her decision and went on the missions he designated to her without any fight. Her heart rate began to increase rapidly again, she was panicking, again. She had no idea if he cared enough to read her mind, but she needed to stop thinking about them. “My Lord, will you excuse me.” Rose said softly as she rose from her seat and made her way into the large hallway, she sat at the bottom of the infamous Malfoy stair case and attempted to calm herself. Her collarbone scab had rubbed off and she had begun to bleed again.</p><p>“What are you doing?” Narcissa Malfoy asked sternly, this was the first time that they had been alone together. “I.. I don’t know I just needed to .. compose myself.” Rose let out, it was unconvincing. “Hmm, well the Dark Lord is the most skilful Legilimens of our time, so when you lie to him, try to be a little more convincing.” Narcissa said as she crouched down to listen to the house elf beside her. Rose knew the wife of Lord Malfoy was a cold, calculating witch, yet she had never seen anyone in the manor behave so cordially with the house elves. She watched the exchange. “Very well, Hokey, please prepare whatever you have and bring it into the hall within half an hour.” Narcissa said as she stood up, it was only then she remembered that the girl was still sat on her staircase. “Pull yourself together, Bellatrix didn’t do any of this when she was your age. You need to make yourself useful to him.”</p><p>Narcissa was about to continue on about the girl’s behaviour when she saw the blood that had begun to stain her robes again. “You’re bleeding. Let me.” Narcissa said, seeming to forget what she was about to say to the girl. She sat down on the step next Rose and tugged away at the red stained undershirt. It looked as though it had festered, perhaps they had used some sort of poison when they cut her. She slowly began to move her wand from one scar to another, removing the blood. “Shhh, I will get you something for the pain in a moment.” Narcissa said as she noticed Rose wincing. “Thank you.” Rose said softly, it was only the two of them in the hall way, but it sounded like a whisper.</p><p>Narcissa placed her wand on the floor and clapped her hand, within less than a second, Hokey had reappeared. “Please could you bring me something for a festering wound and then the purple vial next to my bed.” Narcissa said to hokey as she began to work on a concealment charm to prevent scarring. “Yes, mistress. Hokey will fetch them.” Hokey said and went to procure the vials Narcissa spoke of. “What happened?” Narcissa asked softly as she moved a strand of hair away from Rose’s front to prevent it getting bloodied. “They were ready for me, they knew. I was alone and I went to speak to Gregor, two of them walked me his into cave. I told him everything the Dark Lord had told me to and then before I knew it the two that had walked me in pierced my sides, I healed them on my way back but then Gregor pushed me against the wall and when he grabbed me he cut my arm and face and this.”</p><p>Rose said as she gestured to the cuts over her chest. Narcissa had been absentmindedly stroking her finger across Rose’s hand as she listened to the events that had transpired just hours ago. She squeezed Rose’s hand to tell her to carry on. “He said he only spoke to wizards, he said it was an insult. I kept apologising, but I was unsure as to whether I should fight back. If I did, and I managed to injure one of them then I doubt they would have been too willing to join the cause. I apparated away, I was unconscious in the gardens of the manor for about twenty minutes and then I woke up and came in.” Rose said as Narcissa thanked Hokey for the vials.</p><p>“I’m sorry that happened to you. Usually they go in pairs, he must have wanted to test your loyalty.” Narcissa said as she poured the oils onto her finger and dabbed them onto the areas that seemed the worse. “At least you came back in one piece. Sometimes people don’t come back from missions like yours.” Narcissa said softly, her previous hostility towards the girl had faded away like the scars on the girls forearm. “Hmm, I guess so. I just wish I could have been more helpful.” Rose said as she watched Narcissa pour the contents of the purple vial over her cuts. “That is a very slippery path, be careful. You may end up being more similar to Bella than you think.’ Narcissa said as he she furrowed her eyebrows. She remembered how much Bella changed under his spell, she kept killing only to gain his approval and then finally she developed her own bloodlust. She didn't want Rose to follow in her sisters footsteps. She had no idea why she seemed to care about the girl, perhaps because she had no one else. Perhaps Narcissa needed to care for something, someone. She didn't know, she realised that they had been gone for a little too long and would have to go back. “We should return, our absence will have been noted.” With that she stood up and then reached down to help Rose to her feet. They made their way back to the hall. “If it gets worse come and find me.” Narcissa said just before they entered the room, Rose nodded and with that she let go of Narcissa’s arm and made her way to her own seat.</p><p>“Narcissa. Where is the meal?” The Dark Lord said viciously, someone had obviously upset him after his talk with Severus. “Hokey is making the final preparations, I have just told them to hurry. It is unacceptable.” Narcissa said before reverting her eyes back to the table before her. “Very well. If we have to wait much longer, I’m afraid Nagini may have to have something else to sustain her.” The Dark Lord joked, he earned a cackle from Bellatrix, everyone else was silent. After a few minutes, the food was placed onto the tables and everyone began to eat. Narcissa always hated these meals, she was uncomfortable in her own home, her skin crawled and she was on edge constantly.</p><p>She looked around to the faces along the tables, most people were eating and talking quietly to those around them. Except for Rose. She didn’t really fit in, she was years younger than the majority of the Death Eaters and she didn’t quite have the same bloodlust or passion for the Dark Lords ideologies that those around her shared. After the meal, most left and those who remained simply retired to their respective rooms. Lucius, Bellatrix and Rabastan moved to the study to converse with the Dark Lord, leaving Narcissa alone. She decided to go to sleep, there wasn’t anything else to do. As she drifted away, her thoughts went to a certain brunette witch.</p>
  </div>
  