
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Summers away from Hogwarts were always difficult for Sirius; Grimmauld Place being one of the most unwelcoming places he'd ever visited. Unfortunately, it just so happened to be his home. He spent as much time as he possibly could away from everyone else, confining himself to his bedroom. His favourite spot was on his window ledge from where he could watch the outside world. Sometimes he would see families walk past, smiling and laughing, and wonder how that must feel. He did have memories from his childhood which at the time seemed happy, but on reflection he realised how he was merely being groomed into being the heir of a pureblood elitist family with a taste for the dark arts. He did not get any affection from his parents, but punishments for refusing to practise dark magic.<br/>
At his first year of Hogwarts he had been sorted into Gryffindor, being the first from the Black family, and that had sealed his fate as an outcast. His first morning there he had gotten a Howler from his mother, exclaiming that he was a blood traitor, a disappointment, and not to even think of returning home for the holidays. The other boys in his dorm had comforted him, making a pact to all stay at Hogwarts through the holidays so Sirius would not be alone. That had meant the world to him, being one of the first times he had ever felt truly loved.<br/>
When he had finally returned for the summer, he had been greeted with a barrage of dark curses as a punishment, and subsequently had been locked in his bedroom for a week with no food. When he had finally been allowed out he refused to speak to his family, and had left the house for the day. He had wandered round the muggle shops until he found one selling posters of motorcycles, which upon returning, he had hung on his bedroom wall with a permanent sticking charm. That had earnt him another week locked in his room. Over the years he had added to that collection, including a large Gryffindor banner he hung above his bed, and posters of bikini-clad muggle girls. With each added poster he had been punished with increasing brutality, his body being covered in bruises, cuts, and marks from stinging jinxes, cruciatus curses, and the like.<br/>
Sirius sighed. He had successfully avoided his family for the duration of the summer, but knew that would end soon. There was only a week left until he returned, and he'd had his trunk packed since the second week of the holidays.</p><p>"Mistress requests the blood traitor's presence downstairs," Kreacher the house elf grunted as he opened his bedroom door. He didn't bother to knock when it came to Sirius; his mother was the house elf's beloved mistress, and he took all the same views as her.<br/>
"Ah, lovely to see you too, Kreacher. Always a pleasure." He leapt down from his windowsill and stuffed his hands into his pockets as he followed the small, wrinkled creature down the many flights of stairs to the drawing room. He looked at his feet as he shuffled past the decapitated heads of the Black family's previous house elf servants; he avoided looking at them as much as he could, their dead eyes unnerved him. He crossed the oak wood floor and knocked on the heavy door. He could hear murmuring voices from inside and the groan of a heavy chair being pushed across the floor.<br/>
"Enter," a strict voice barked. He turned the golden doorknob and stepped into the grand room containing a huge mahogany table. The walls were covered in a detailed tapestry of the Black family tree, with portraits of each person, all looking grim, besides the few burnt patches of people whom Walburga and her late husband Orion believed to be traitors. "Sit," ordered Walburga, who was seated at the head of the table, Sirius' younger brother Regulus sitting to her right, a blank expression on his face.<br/>
"Hello, Mother." He sat at the opposite end from her and slung his feet up onto the table in front of him. "For what do I owe the pleasure?" He always took up a mockingly well-spoken tone when he spoke to her.<br/>
"Enough," she ordered, "and get your filthy boots off my table." She rose from her seat and treaded a few paces towards him. "It's time you make a decision."<br/>
"Oh?" he inquired, seeing where the conversation was going, as it so often did since he had become best friends with James Potter, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew. "Is it 'become a true Black or be cut off from the family?" he scoffed. Every conversation he had with his mother, which were albeit few and far between, were on this same topic. Although his relationship with his mother was terrible; she insulted and cursed him any chance she got without the slightest hint of remorse, she never had actually cut him off, seemingly hoping one day he would join the family's barbaric traditions.<br/>
"No." She raised her wand. "You have run out of chances. You may either become a true Black by denouncing all of your blood traitor and mudblood friends by cursing them, or you are done." This certainly is a step up, Sirius thought, standing up and reaching into his pocket to hold the end of his own wand. He glanced towards Regulus who was staring intently at something seemingly very interesting on the wood of the table, refusing to so much as look at anyone, nor speak up about the events that were unfolding. Sirius' shoulders drooped, he loved his brother even if he didn't always show it, and it hurt that he wasn't defending him. He didn't want to lose his brother to the Black's pureblood ways, but he feared it was too late.<br/>
"My friends have been more of a family to me than you have ever been. Try -" A red flash appeared from behind his mother and suddenly he was in excruciating pain. A loud ringing filled his ears and everything turned red. His skin was on fire, his bones snapping and grinding, and the ringing became a scream. Black dots swirled in front of him, slowly closing together...<br/>
"Stop," she muttered, and suddenly the agony was gone. He realised it was he who was screaming; his throat was raw and his muscles twitching. Tears sprang to Sirius' eyes as he looked up, and saw whose wand was pointing at him. Regulus still had his wand raised at him, face just as blank as before. Walburga pointed her wand at her eldest son's portrait on the Black family tapestry and burnt his face off. He watched his likeness shrivel up in a sudden ball of fire, and despite never feeling a part of this family, a part of him suddenly felt empty.<br/>
"Leave," she barked as he scrambled to his feet and darted from the drawing room, glancing back at the woman he once called mother and the boy he once called a brother, and fled to his bedroom. He thundered across the room and grabbed his trunk, glad he had the sense to pack it previously. He didn't look back as he galloped back down the stairs, head swimming from the lingering pain, and steadied himself with a hand on the wall. As he entered the kitchen he saw Kreacher the house elf watching him with a small smirk across his grey face, and Sirius was filled with blind rage. He kicked the elf who simply laughed at him and left to join his mistress. He grabbed a handful of floo powder, stepped into the ashes, dropped the sparkling dust and whispered his best friend, James Potter's address. He felt the flames tickle his face as he saw countless fireplaces flash before his eyes, until he suddenly landed before a family of startled faces, and collapsed onto the ground.</p>
  </div>
  