
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harry let his breath settle as he felt a set of arms reach around him. The strong bands of iron, even as they constriction him, soothed his panicked mind that flickered with violent images of death and destruction. A strand of blonde hair gently tickled Harry’s neck. Harry squirmed slightly in the grip, attempting to turn around to face the man that held him. The arms only tightened and Harry sighed fondly. It appeared that He was not going to be let go anytime soon.</p><p>“Eric” Harry said gently, his voice sounding weak, even to his own ears. The cold chest behind him rumbled in response. “I’m fine. It was just a dream.” A huff of breath tickled Harry's ear as Eric let out a laugh at Harry’s statement. It seemed the vampire didn't believe Harry. Of course he was right. The visions that Harry had been having for the past few months were getting worse and worse. The most recent one had been filled with the death of all his friends and family and Harry had woken from it, screaming, his eyes burned with the image of Remus Lupin lying in a pool of his own blood. As Harry felt the arms around his tighten further his eyes fluttered shut. With his head resting on Eric’s chest, Harry fell back into a much more relaxed sleep.</p><p>Harry had met Eric just under a year ago, on the night of his fifteenth birthday. Harry had been kicked out of his loving relative’s house due to his ‘freakishness’. Of course Harry had been doing little more than making a cup of tea. The mug had slipped from his hands, however, it had not hit the floor, instead hovering several inches above it. As soon as the Dursleys had seen this they had thrown Harry out into the darkening day, being told to not come back till tomorrow. As Harry walk down the deserted street he had sighed, resigning himself to spend his night in the small park that was about a mile away. He had spent enough time there over the years for him to feel safe enough even in the middle of the night. At least it wouldn't be too cold. The Summer had been pleasant so far for Harry. He had walked to the park and sitting on a bench had fallen into a light sleep.</p><p>Harry had been woken to the sound of voices from across the other side of the park and a bright light piercing the dark. Hushed whispers were followed by painful grunts. Harry sat up, remaining as quiet as he could. He couldn't hear the exact words that were being said so he crept closer towards them. A lantern lit up the area just behind the climbing frame and as Harry got closer the view and the voices became clearer. Two men stood above another who was lying on the floor. The man on the floor was the one making the grunts of pain and the two others seemed to be trying to take the man’s blood. There were tubes inserted into his arm and the blood was slowly trickling down the tube and into a bag. Harry almost gasped at the sight, managing to restrain himself before he let out a sound.</p><p>Harry looked around for someway to help the man that being slowly killed before him. He could use his wand and yet surely the Ministry Officers would arrive before he had time to help in any way. Harry glanced around the park. Circling the park were large stones, that were there to be nothing more than a decoration. Harry, however, would be using them for a much more violent purpose. Harry picked up a rock about the size of his fist and then crept quietly back towards the three men. He steeled himself, attempting to remain calm even with what he was about to do. He lifted the rock up and with a strong swing hit the man nearest to him on the back of the head. The man dropped like a stone, crumpling to the floor. Harry turned his attention to the other man, attempting to hit him as well.</p><p>The man lunged at Harry before the teen had a chance to get any further. Harry was pushed to the floor. His head violently collided with the ground and the world around him began to spin. Hands fixed themselves around Harry’s throat and tightened. Harry lashed out his feet flailing. He brought up the hand that still had the rock classed in it and smashed it into the man’s temple. The man fell to the side, the force of the blow knocking his body to the side, off Harry. For several seconds Harry lay gasping on the floor, his breaths coming quickly and harshly.</p><p>When Harry finally regained his thoughts he quickly scrambled over to the man that lay pinned to the floor. Long thin strings that glittered in the light lay across the man’s skin, leaving blisters in their wake. Harry looked at them in confusion, unsure as to what it was that lay on the man’s skin. The man looked at him with blue piercing eyes, assessing what the boy before him meant to do. Harry crawled forward and gingerly clasped the glittering sting between his fingers, ready to let go at a moments notice. However nothing happened. Harry pulled the string from the man’s wrist, muttering apologies as he did so. He did the same with the other wrist and then lifted the one from around the man’s neck. Harry gaped as he watched the wounds close up as soon as the string was removed.</p><p>The man sat up and Harry got his first full look at him. Blonde hair, long and straight, flowing down to his shoulders. A broad chest and a regal air about him. He was dressed in only a black vest that showcased the muscular from perfectly. The man’s eyes were a clear piercing blue and they looked at Harry in curiosity. Harry felt himself blush slightly under the scrutiny. He tried to mumble out some sort of conversation starter but all that came out was a small squeak. This resulted in a chuckle from the man before Harry, that only made the teen blush harder.</p><p>“Eric Northman.” the man purred, as a way of introduction. “It seems that I’m in your debt.” The man’s tone was amused but Harry could hear the seriousness that undermined the message. “May I have the pleasure of a name?” Eric said after Harry had done nothing more than stare for several seconds. Harry’s eyes widened and he stumbled over his words, trying to answer the man’s question.</p><p>“M..my…my name’s H…Harry.” He managed to stammer out meekly. Harry cleared his throat before speaking again “I’m Harry Potter. Nice to meet you Eric” Harry said with a small smile. Eric gave a grin to the blushing teen before him.</p><p>Harry had spent the rest of the summer meeting with and sending letters to Eric. So when Harry had later learned that Eric was a vampire it had not shocked him as much as he thought it should have. However Harry had been embarrassed by his own naivety in not realising it sooner. Eric had told his just before he had gone back to Hogwarts and Harry had only laughed at his own stupidity. Over the course of the year the two had talked more and more and when Harry had finally come back form Hogwarts Eric had been waiting for him, the teen having long since extended an invitation into the house to the vampire.</p><p>Over the last few weeks Harry had become closer and closer with the much older vampire. The two of them had spent as much time as they could together, Harry staying up as late as his busy days would allow. The chores that the Dursleys piled on him were extremely taxing. Eric would stay as long as he could, watching over the sleeping teen, when possible. Tonight was one of these nights. Harry knew that the vampire would be gone in the morning yet he took comfort in the arms that embraced him while they were present.</p><hr/><p>Harry tiptoed down the corridor, the Marauders map in his hands. Eric’s name glittered in black ink, reaching out to Harry like a hand trying to grab him. Harry followed the path, watching Eric’s feet pace backwards and forwards by the outskirts of the forbidden forest. As soon as Harry exited the main entrance of Hogwarts Eric’s arms were around him, the vampire’s cold lips on his. It seemed that the Vampire had smelled him and decided he had waited long enough to see the teen again. Harry relaxed into the arms, the stress of the day draining away from his in waves. It seemed that Eric was a cure all. The gentle touches, the light kisses and the warm embraces made Harry feel, for the first time in his life like he was coming home.</p><p>Harry told Eric of the horrors of the past few months. The more frequent attacks by the death eaters and the slowly increasing fear that was encompassing the entire of the warding world. It seemed that due to the fact that fear was growing that hatred was too. Harry was being degraded, his reputation blemished with every chance the mea got. Harry could deal with it but what he could not deal with was the fact that all the people in his house seemed to believe the shit that was being spewed. Ron, being the gullible git that he was had believed every word that was printed about him. It seemed the boy had not grown up at all and was no accusing Harry of being in league with the Dark Lord. The very idea of it was ridiculous. How could a boy who claimed to be his best friend even entertain that idea for a moment.Hermione had been no help either. The girl was too emerged in her studies to pay attention to any of the things that were troubling Harry.</p><p>Eric gently reassured Harry that night, spoke to him gently, stroked his hair. He told Harry that he was here for him and that when all this was over Eric would still be there for him. No matter what. That night was the first night that Eric told Harry he loved him. It was the first night that Harry told him the same. It was the first night that both longed for a night to never end.</p><hr/><p>Harry stood outside the camp site. His eyes were filled with longing as he looked over the darkened forest. Hermione and Ron were inside the tent. Neither were there for the reasons that they should be. They had been given a task by Dumbledore, a task that would ensure the Dark Lord’s defeat. Ron had come along because he wanted fame. That had been all he ever wanted and he was sure he would have it once it was proven that he had helped to defeat the most dangerous Dark Lord in a century. Hermione had come along due to the fact that she could never deny an authority figure anything and now that Dumbledore had died it was clear that she would follow what she considered to be the headmaster’s dying wish.</p><p>Harry had been hunting Horcruxes and avoiding the Death Eaters with the two imbeciles for the past month. They had found only one of the things and had so far not managed to destroy it. That was why they were currently camped out in the woods. They needed to find a way to get rid of the monstrosity. Harry had not seen Eric in three months and he missed the vampire intensely. He felt like he was dying of thirst and unable to find a drink. He didn't know how much longer he could last without the vampire. Eric was Harry’s world. He was his best friend, his family, his lover. Harry just wanted to be in his arms again. Harry sighed again and resigned himself to yet another sleepless night. Without Eric there, Harry just couldn't feel at peace.</p><hr/><p>It was finally over. Harry stood before the battered building that Hogwarts had become and for the first time in a long time a true smile spread across his face. It was pure and bright and made those in the vicinity feel as though there was hope in the world once again. Harry and the rest of the Hogwarts survivors watched as the sun began to set, the day of horror and bloodshed finally coming to an end. The times was coming when they would need to bury their dead, when they would start to mourn. However for the time being it was enough that they were alive. It was enough that their oppressor was dead. It was enough.</p><p>Harry was suddenly enclosed in cool, solid, familiar arms. They reached around him. One hand resting on the small of his back, pulling him closer into the embrace. Harry tilted his head up and looked into sparkling pools of blue filled with relief and love. Harry stood up onto the tips of toes and his lips met with man’s that he loved. Harry lost himself in the desperate kisses. Unbeknownst to the pair every set of eyes was on them. Ron’s face was an angry shade of red, his jaw and fists clenched. Hermione’s jaw was open in her shock. Ginny’s eyes were ride in horror as she looked at the boy she believed herself to be destined for, kissing someone else. Tears began to stream down her face as she was unable to control the turmoil of emotion that she felt. Harry separated from Eric, a silly grin lighting up his face as he lent into the strong chest of his lover.</p><p>“What the fuck are you doing?!” Ron shouted out. The moment was broken. Harry ignored the stupid boy but Eric’s eyes bore into the ginger, causing a shiver to run down Ron's spine. The eyes were filled with hatred and killing intent. Harry took Eric’s hand. He gave one last look at the gathered group of people that had never really been anything more than a hindrance. They didn't love him, they didn't care for him. The only wanted the Boy-Who-Lived, they didn't want just Harry. Eric did. Eric was happy with who he was. He didn't expect him to be anything that he wasn’t. He didn't want a saviour, he just wanted saving from himself. That Harry could do. With Eric Harry could be himself.</p>
  </div>
  