
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>CHAPTER 1:</p><p>When the young gentleman strolling through the park with his wand in his hand and an elderly kneazle at his heels came within sight of the castle it occurred to him that the hour must be farther advanced than he supposed, for the sun had sunk below the great stone pile, and an autumnal mist was already creeping over the ground. Among the trees the mist had scarcely perceptible, but when the gentleman emerged from their shelter on to an avenue which ran through undulating lawns to the south front of the mansion, he perceived that the vista was clouded, and became for the first time aware of a chill striking through his light cloak. He quickened his steps a little, but instead of pursuing his way to the main front, he turned off the avenue, and, traversing an elegant flower-garden, embellished with various classical statues, approached a side-entrance in the east wing.<br/>‘Hogwarts,’ read the guide book “Hogwarts: A History”, ‘is the principal seat of his Grace the Duke of Gryffindor and one of the oldest and most magical buildings in the civilised magical world.’ The History bestowed some very warm praise upon the White Marble Tomb, erected at enormous expense by the fifth Duke, but the young gentleman in the light day-cloak and the green summer robe passed it without a glance. Indeed, he seemed to be quite indifferent to the beauty and the grandeur of his surroundings, treading rather carelessly over neat grass borders, and permitting his kneazle to stray on to the flower-beds at will.<br/>In his person as much as in his dress, which besides being of great simplicity included a wrist-holster (an article of attire not at all in favour with gentlemen aspiring to elegance) he scarcely accorded with his stately setting. He was slightly built, and of rather less than medium height. He had dark black hair, which waved naturally above a countenance which was pleasing without being in any way remarkable. The features were delicate, the colouring rather pale, and the eyes, although expressive, and of a beautiful emerald green, were hidden behind a pair of ordinary round glasses. He carried himself well, but without any air of consequence, so that in a crowd it would have been easier to have passed him over than to have distinguished him. His address was well-bred, and a certain dignity attached to his bearing, but either from the circumstance of his being only seventeen years of age, or from a natural diffidence, his manner, without being precisely shy, was quiet to the point of self-effacement. In fact, tourists to whom he had occasionally been pointed out generally found it impossible to believe that such an unassuming figure could really be the owner of so much wealth and magnificence.<br/>But he had owned it for seventeen years, together with Number 12 Grimmauld Place, his town residence in London, and eight other country seats, ranging from Surrey to a draughty castle in the Highlands. He was the Most Noble Hadrian James Potter-Black, Duke of Gryffindor and Marquis of Godric’s Hollow; Earl of Gryffindor; Baron Slytherin of Diagon; Baron Slytherin of Mungo; and Baron Slytherin of Gringotts, and all of these high-sounding titles had been his from the moment of his birth, for he was a posthumous child, the only surviving offspring of the sixth Duke, and of the gentle, unfortunate lady who, after presenting her lord with two stillborn children, and three who did not survive infancy, expired in giving birth to a seven-months male child of such tiny size and sickly appearance that it was freely prophesied of him that he would join his little brothers and sisters in the family vault before the year was out. <br/>But the wise choice of a wet-nurse, the devotion of the Chief Nurse, the unremitting attentions of his doctors, the strict rule of his uncle and guardian, Lord Vernon Dursley, and the fond solicitude of his aunt, had all combined to drag the seventh Duke through every phase of infantile disorder; and although his boyhood was rendered irksome by a delicacy of constitution that made him liable to take cold easily, and to succumb with alarming readiness to every infectious disease, he had not only survived, but had grown into a perfectly healthy young man, who, if not as stout as could have been wished, or of such fine physique as his uncles and cousins, was yet robust enough to cause his physicians very little anxiety.<br/>The chief of these had more than once asserted his belief that the little Duke had a stronger constitution that was supposed, since his hold on life throughout been so tenacious; but this was an opinion not shared by the anxious relatives, tutors, and attendants who had the Duke in their charge. It was some years since he had suffered any but the most trifling of ailment, but his entourage still laboured under the conviction that he was a being to be cosseted and protected against every wind that blew.<br/>It was therefore not with surprise that the young Duke, as he reached the east wing of his castle, found that his approach had evidently been watched for. The door was flung open before he had set his foot upon the first of the stone steps that led up to it, and various persons were seen to have assembled in the passage to receive him. Foremost among these was his house-elf butler, Kreacher, an impressive and aged individual whose demeanour gave the initiated to understand that if his Grace chose to demean himself by entering his domain by a side door giving on to a narrow passage it was not for him to criticise such eccentric behaviour. He bowed the Duke in, and perceiving that he carried, besides his wand, an enchanted satchel, silently gestured to a footman to relieve his master of this unbecoming burden. The Duke gave it up with a faint, rueful smile.<br/>His head-keeper, a half-giant named Hagrid, said reproachfully: ‘If I had known that your Grace was desirous of wandering the Forbidden Forest today, I would have sent up for a centaur, and – ‘<br/>‘But I didn’t want a centaur,’ said the Duke.<br/>Hagrid shook his head forbearingly.<br/>‘I think,’ added the Duke, ‘that I might now and then – just now and then, you know, Hagrid! – explore the Forest for myself.’<br/>Even the footman looked shocked at this, but, being only an underling, could only exchange glances with the fellow footman who had accompanied him to the side entrance. The butler, the steward, and the keeper all directed looks of deep reproach at the Duke, and the small house-elf in the neat garb that proclaimed the valet exclaimed: ‘Explore the forest yourself, your Grace! I should think not indeed! And your Grace wet through, I daresay, with only that thin robe!’<br/>‘Oh, no!’ said the Duke. He looked down at the muddied kneazle, and added: ‘But Crookshanks must be rubbed down well.’ He was assured that this should be instantly be done; the steward, prefixing his intervention with a discreet cough, informed his master that my lord had been asking if he was not yet come in. The Duke had listened rather absently to his valet’s and his keeper’s remarks, but this had the effect of claiming his attention. He asked in a slightly apprehensive tone if he were late for dinner.<br/>The butler, who, although officially the human steward’s inferior, was an elf of far more commanding personality, replied somewhat ambiguously to this question that my lord had gone upstairs to change his dress above half an hour ago. The Duke looked startled, and said that he must make haste; whereupon the butler, relaxing his severity, assured him benignly that dinner would be held for him, and went in a stately way down the passage to open the door that led into the main entrance hall of the house. But the Duke again disappointed him, this time by electing to run up the secondary staircase at the end of the passage.<br/>His bedroom was an immense apartment behind a portrait of a statuesque lady dressed in pink, and as he crossed to the entrance he encountered his uncle, a ruddy-looking gentleman in the early fifties, with a stern cast of countenance, and rather fierce eyes above an impressive moustache. When he saw his nephew, his brows shot up and he enunciated, in a sort of bark: ‘Ha! So you are come in, are you, Harry?’<br/>The Duke smiled and nodded. ‘I beg pardon, sir! Am I late? I shall not keep you waiting above twenty minutes, I promise you.’<br/>‘No such thing!’ said Lord Vernon testily. ‘Dinner will await your convenience, but you are a great fool to be staying out after dusk at this season. I daresay you will have taken one of your chills!’<br/>‘Oh, no!’ replied the Duke, in the same sweet absent tone he had used to his valet.<br/>Lord Vernon ran a hand around the hood of the cloak, and appeared to be not dissatisfied. ‘Well!’ he said. ‘I don’t wish to be forever coddling you, boy, but I desire you will make haste out of those clothes. You will have got your feet wet in those half-boots. Dobby! Has his Grace no dragon-hide boots to wear when out?’<br/>‘His Grace will not wear the dragon-hide, my lord’ said the valet in condemnatory accents. ‘And his Grace did not send for me to lay out his clothes, nor appraise me of his intention to go exploring,’ he added, less in self-exculpation than in sorrowful blame of his young master’s imprudence.<br/>‘I am glad you do not wish to be waited on hand and foot,’ said Lord Vernon severely, ‘but this habit you have of slipping off without a word is nonsensical, Harry. One would suppose you were afraid someone might prevent you!’ A gleam of humour lit the Duke’s eyes; he said meekly: ‘I think I must have a secretive disposition, sir.’<br/>‘Nothing of the sort!’ said his lordship. ‘It is high time you realised that you are of age, and may do as you please. Now, be off, and make haste, if you please! Unless you wish to keep town hours at Hogwarts?’ The Duke disclaimed any such desire, and vanished into his bedchamber, where Dobby had already laid out his evening dress.<br/>The room, although of vast size, was very warm, for a fire had been lit in the grate earlier in the day, and the windows closed against any treacherous fresh air. Curtains of crimson damask shut out the fading daylight, and the great fourpost-bed was hung with the same stuff. Branches of candles stood on the dressing-table and the mantelpiece; and a silver ewer of hot water had been placed in the wash-basin, and covered with a clean towel. The room was furnished throughout in crimson damask, and mahogany, and everything in it seemed to be made on a rather too large and opulent scale for its occupant. But it was not an uncomfortable apartment, and, during the day, was generally flooded with sunshine, since it faced south, commanding a view of the Black Lake and, in the distance, the noble trees of the Forbidden Forest. The Duke had slept in it ever since the day his uncle had decreed that he was too old for the nursery and installed him, a small and quaking ten-year-old, in it, telling him that it was his father’s room and that only the head of house might inhabit it.<br/>Dobby, who might have been considered by some to be rather too eccentric a house-elf for such a distinguished young man, began to bustle about, scolding fondly as he divested his master of his cloak and wrist-holster. Like nearly everyone else who waited upon the Duke, he had previously been employed by the Duke’s father, and considered himself privileged to speak his mind to his master whenever he was out of earshot of other, less favoured, members of the household. He said now, as he laid aside the wrist-holster: ‘I wonder that my lord should not have said something to your Grace, if he noticed you was wearing this nasty, low holster, more fit for a Knockturn Alley dweller than for a Gentleman, let alone one that was born, as the saying is, in the Purple. But there! Tell your Grace until Doomsday you’ll never mend your ways! And why would you not take a centaur, pray, not to mention Hagrid? I can tell your Grace he was quite put about to think you should be off without him, and very likely needing a centaur as well.’<br/>‘No, I didn’t need a centaur,’ said the Duke, sitting down to allow Dobby to pull off his half-boots. ‘And as for my wrist-holster, I daresay some might consider it a vulgar appendage, but it speeds up my draw and is as quick a way of casting as any that I know.’<br/>‘If you had taken a centaur with you, as was befitting, your Grace would not have needed any such,’ said Dobby severely. ‘I could see that his lordship was not best pleased.’<br/>‘I am sure he was not displeased for any such cause,’ responded the Duke, walking towards the washstand, and lifting the towel from the ewer. ‘He is a great advocate for a man’s being able to do everything for himself that may come in his way.’<br/>‘That,’ said Dobby, frustrating the Duke’s attempt to pick up the ewer, ‘is as may be, your Grace.’ He poured the water into the basin, and removed the towel from the Duke’s hand. ‘But when his lordship takes his walks out, he has always a centaur, and very likely several of them, for he is one as knows what is due to his position.<br/>‘Well, if I do not know what is due to mine I am sure it is not for want of being told,’ sighed the Duke. ‘I think it would have been very pleasant to have been born one of my own tenants, sometimes.’<br/>‘Born one of your Grace’s own tenants!’ ejaculated Dobby, in an astonished tone. The Duke took the towel, and began to wipe his wet face with it.<br/>‘Not one of those obliged to live in Privet Drive, of course,’ he said reflectively.<br/>‘Privet Drive!’<br/>‘In Surrey.’<br/>‘I do not know what your Grace can be meaning!’<br/>‘They are forever complaining about them. I daresay they should all be pulled down. In fact, I am sure of it, for I have seen them.’<br/>‘Seen them, your Grace?’ said Dobby, quite shocked. ‘I am sure I do not know when you can have done so!’<br/>‘When we were in Surrey, I rode over,’ replied the Duke tranquilly.<br/>‘Now that,’ said Dobby in a displeased way, ‘is just what your Grace should not be doing! It is Mr Griphook who should attend to such matters, as I am sure he is willing and able to do, let alone he has his goblins to be running about the country for him!’<br/>‘Only he does not attend to it,’ said the Duke, sitting down before his dressing-table. Dobby handed him a smarter pair of spectacles. ‘Then your Grace may depend upon it there is nothing as needs attending to,’ he said.<br/>‘You remind me very much of uncle,’ remarked the Duke. Dobby shook his head at him, but said: ‘Well, and I’ll be bound his lordship has told your Grace there isn’t a better agent than Mr Griphook in the length and breadth of the land.’<br/>‘Oh, yes!’ said the Duke. ‘Nothing could exceed his care for my interests.’<br/>‘Well, and what more could your Grace desire?’<br/>‘I think it would be very agreeable if he cared for my wishes.’ A slightly weary note in his master’s quiet voice made Dobby say with fond affection: ‘Now, your Grace, I see what it is! You have tired yourself out, wandering through that forest with not a centaur in sight, and you’re in a fit of the dismals! If Mr Griphook don’t seem always to care for your wishes, it’s because your Grace is young yet, and don’t know the ways of tenants, nor what’s best for your estates.’<br/>‘Very true,’ said the Duke in a colourless voice. Dobby helped him to put on his evening robes. ‘Your Grace’s honoured father had every confidence in Mr Griphook, that I do know,’ he said.<br/>‘Oh, yes!’ said the Duke. Feeling that his master was still unconvinced, Dobby began to recite the numerous virtues of the goblin agent, but after a few moments the Duke interrupted him, saying: ‘Well, never mind! Have we company tonight?’<br/>‘No, your Grace, you will be quite alone.’<br/>‘It sounds delightful, but I am afraid it is untrue.’<br/>‘No, no, your Grace, it is just as I tell you! You will find no one below but my lord, and my lady, and Mr Diggle and Miss Figg!’ Dobby assured him. The Duke smiled, but refrained from making any remark. He submitted to having his cloak smoothed across his shoulders and moved towards the door. Dobby opened this for him, and nodded to an individual hovering in the hall outside, who at once withdrew, apparently to spread the news of the Duke’s coming. He was the Groom of the Chambers, and although more modern households might have abolished this position, at Hogwarts a pomp belonging to previous centuries was rigidly adhered to, and the groom continued to hold his post. During the long period of the Duke’s minority he had had little scope for his talents, but he was now hopeful of seeing the great house once more full of distinguished guests, all with their exacting personal servants, and their quite incompatible fads and fancies, driving a lesser man to suicide but affording Mr Macmillan an exquisite enjoyment.<br/>The Duke walked down the stairs, and crossed a vast, flagstone-paved hall to the double doors that led into the gallery. Here it had been the custom of the Family to assemble before dinner since the Duke’s grandfather had inhabited the castle. As the gallery was over a hundred foot long, it had sometimes seemed to the Duke that some smaller apartment might be a preferable assembly room on any but Public Days, but a mild suggestion made to this effect had been greeted by his uncle with such disapproval that with his usual docility he had abandoned any hope of making a change.<br/>Two enchanted suits of armour, who appeared to have been trying to impersonate their motionless counterparts, suddenly sprang to life, and flung open the doors; the Duke, dwarfed by their height and magnificence, passed between them into the gallery.<br/>Since September was drawing to an end and the evenings were already a little chilly, a log-fire had been kindled in the grate at one end of the gallery. Lord Vernon Dursley was standing before it, not precisely with his watch in his hand, but presenting the appearance of one who had but that moment restored the timepiece to his pocket. Beside him, and making a praiseworthy if not entirely successful attempt to divert his mind from the lateness of the hour, was Dedalus Diggle, once tutor to the Duke, now his Historian, and engaged in the intervals of his not very arduous duties in writing a learned commentary on the Founders of Hogwarts and their influence on Wizarding Culture. On a pink floral sofa, wholly shielded from the fire by her husband’s stalwart form, was disposed the Duke’s aunt, a lady fashioned in a thin, stick-like mould with a long neck and pale blonde hair. And sitting primly upright in a chair suitably withdrawn from the intimate circle was Miss Figg, a spinster of uncertain age and nebulous relationship, who was always referred to by Lady Petunia as ‘our cousin’ and had been an inmate of Hogwarts as long as the Duke could remember, performing the duties of a lady-in-waiting. As Lady Dursley was extremely indolent, Miss Figg was not in the least overworked, or browbeaten, the only ills she had to endure being her ladyship’s very boring conversation, and his lordship’s snubs, which last, however, were dealt out so impartially to every member of the household as to make her feel herself to be quite one of the family.<br/>But the Duke, who had, his uncle frequently told him, too much sensibility, could not rid himself of the notion that Miss Figg’s position was an unhappy one, and he never neglected to bestow on her a distinguishing degree of attention, or to acknowledge a relationship which did not, in fact, exist, by addressing her as Cousin Arabella. When his uncle pointed out to him, not in a carping spirit, but as one who liked accuracy, that being only some kind of a third cousin to Lord Vernon her connexion with the Potter family was of the most remote order, he merely smiled, and slid out of a possible argument in a manner rendered perfect by years of practice.<br/>As he walked down the gallery, he smiled at her, and inquired after the headache she had complained of earlier in the day. While she blushed, thanked, and disclaimed, Lord Vernon crushingly remarked that he did not know why people should have headaches, since he himself had never suffered such an ill in his life; and Mr Diggle pleased nobody by saying: ‘Ah, my lord Duke has a fellow-feeling, I daresay! I am sure no one has suffered more from an affliction we more hardy mortals are exempt from!’<br/>‘Stuff and nonsense!’ said Lord Vernon, who very much disliked to have his nephew’s delicacy of constitution mentioned by anyone other than himself.<br/>Mr Diggle’s well-meaning if unfortunate remark had the effect of arousing Lady Petunia from her customary lethargy, and she began to enumerate, with a surprising degree of animation, all the more shocking headaches her nephew had endured during his sickly boyhood. The Duke bore this patiently, but Lord Vernon pshawed and fidgeted, and finally broke in on the discourse that threatened to be never-ending, saying crossly: ‘Very well, very well, my pet, but this is all forgotten now, and we do not wish to be reminding Harry of it! Were you ingredient-gathering, my boy? Had you any sport?’<br/>‘Three vials of acromantula venom only, and some unicorn hair, sir,’ responded the Duke.<br/>‘Very well indeed,’ said his uncle approvingly. ‘I have frequently observed that for all it may not be real game as we understand it, the acromantula gives us some of the hardest shots of all. What spells did you use?’<br/>‘Arania Exumai,’ said the Duke.<br/>This made Lord Vernon shake his head a little, and point out the advantages of ‘Sectumsempra’ or ‘Bombarda’. His nephew, having listened politely, said that he would grant him an accidental shot at long distance with his heavier spells, but that a well-maintained and aimed wand would execute ‘Arania Exumai’ better than any other. As the duke was a very pretty shot, Lord Vernon allowed this to pass with no more than a glancing reference to new-fangled fads, and asked him if he had taken one of his Cleansweeps out.<br/>‘No, but I considered taking a Nimbus,’ said the Duke. ‘I have been attempting a Wronski Feint with it.’<br/>‘I have bought Cleansweeps any time these thirty years,’ declared his lordship. ‘But the old ways will never do for you young men! I suppose you will tell me this Nimbus has some particular virtue!’<br/>‘I think the control is lighter to the touch, and it is certainly cleaner to handle,’ replied the Duke.<br/>‘I hope, Harry, that you did not get your feet wet?’ said Lady Petunia. ‘You know, if you were to take a chill it will go straight to your throat, and I was thinking only the other day that I cannot recall the name of that very obliging healer who recommended Pepper-Up. You were only a child, so I daresay you might not remember, but it was very excellent, though your uncle disliked it very much.’<br/>‘Does Kreacher not know that you are ready for dinner?’ demanded Lord Vernon loudly. ‘It will be six o’clock before we sit down to it!’<br/>‘There was quite a fashion for Pepper-Ups at that time,’ pursued his wife placidly. ‘I am sure I know of a dozen persons who swore by the daily treatment.’<br/>‘It was what the Captain calls all the crack,’ said Miss Figg, prefixing her remark with the titter which never failed to irritate his lordship.<br/>Lord Vernon was both fond and proud of his son, but he did not propose to submit to having his words quoted to him, and he immediately said that he had the greatest dislike of cant expressions. Miss Figg’s subsequent confusion was only relieved by the entrance of Kreacher, who came in at that moment to announce that dinner was served. The Duke then assisted his aunt to rise from the sofa, Miss Figg draped an acromantula-silk shawl around her shoulders, Mr Diggle handed her her fan and her reticule, and the whole party filed out into the hall, and across it to the dining-saloon.<br/>Here, the Duke took his place at the head of the table, in an immense carved oak chair, and Lord Vernon installed himself in a similar chair at the foot. Lady Petunia sat at her nephew’s right hand, and Miss Figg and Mr Diggle established themselves opposite to her, with only one footman between the two of them.<br/>Lord Dursley being an advocate of what he considered a neat, plain dinner, only two courses were served at Hogwarts when the family dined alone. The first of these consisted of a tureen of turtle, removed with fish, which was in its turn removed with a haunch of venison. Several side-dishes, such as pork cutlets, larded fillets of beef, tenderones of veal and truffles, and a braised ham graced the board, but since his lordship was a moderate trencherman and the Duke had a notoriously small appetite, the only person who did justice to the spread was Miss Figg, who had (so his lordship had more than once remarked to his nephew) the inordinate appetite of all poor relations.<br/>While the first course dragged on its way, conversation was of a desultory nature. The Duke looked tired; his aunt rarely troubled herself to make conversation; and Lord Vernon seemed preoccupied. When the first course was carried out in procession, however, he roused himself to say: ‘Well! You are all very dull tonight!’ a remark which not unnaturally bereft the assembled company of any conversational ideas they might have had.<br/>‘Well, Harry!’ said his lordship, after a pause of which no one showed any sign of wishing to take advantage. ‘Have you nothing to say for yourself?’<br/>A slightly apprehensive look came into the Duke’s eyes. Mr Diggle said kindly: ‘I fancy you are tired, my lord.’<br/>‘No, no!’ Harry disclaimed, almost shrinking from the imputation.<br/>It had the effect of softening Lord Dursley. ‘Tired? I am sure I do not know why you must all be for ever supposing him knocked up by the least exertion! Let me tell you, it is very irksome to a young man to have such nonsense talked of him! You are bored, Harry! Yes, yes, you need not trouble to deny it, for I do not wonder at it! You should have invited some of your House friends to come down and duel with you. It is dull work for you here alone.’<br/>‘Thank you, I am very happy, sir!’ Harry stammered. ‘ You – I mean, we have invited several parties for the Quidditch games, I believe.’<br/>‘Well, well, that is looking some way ahead!’ said his lordship indulgently. ‘You will scarcely wish for any large parties until November!’<br/>The second course here made its appearance, and a fresh array of golden dishes was set out. Some pigeons and a hare constituted the main features, but there were besides a quantity of vegetables, and several creams, jellies, and cakes, including, as Miss Figg was quick to perceive, a pumpkin meringue, to which she was extremely partial.<br/>Lady Petunia helped herself from a dish of artichoke bottoms in sauce. ‘I have been thinking,’ she said. ‘If you should care for it, Harry, we could get up a round of chess after dinner. I daresay we might prevail upon our good Mr Diggle to take a game, and if he does not care to, Arabella does not play so very ill.’<br/>Her husband set his wineglass down rather hurriedly, and said with more haste than civility that she must know that Harry disliked chess. Then, perceiving cards in her eye, he added: ‘Or any other dinner-party game. Besides, I have just recollected that Winky brought down the mail from the owlery this afternoon, and there is a letter for you from your Uncle Lucius, Harry. I will give it to you after dinner.’<br/>The Duke’s entertainment having been thus provided for, Lady Petunia was able to relapse into indolence, merely wondering in an idle fashion what Lord Malfoy could be writing to Harry about. Miss Figg said that it seemed a long time since they had had the felicity of seeing dear Lord and Lady Malfoy at Hogwarts; and Mr Diggle asked if Mr Draco was not now apprenticing under a potions master.<br/>‘No, he is entering the Ministry,’ the Duke replied.<br/>‘My nephew is going into politics,’ said Lord Vernon shortly. ‘As for not having seen my cousin and his wife here, they spent six weeks with us in the summer, and brought all the relatives, as I for one am not likely to forget very readily! They destroyed the south lawn with their impromptu duels, and if they had been children of mine – ‘<br/>‘But they asked my permission, sir, and I gave it,’ Harry said, in a soft voice.<br/>Lord Vernon opened his mouth to utter a blistering reproof, recollected himself, shut it again, and, after a slight pause, said: ‘Well, it is your lawn, and you may do as you wish with it, but I own I cannot conceive what you were about to give permission!’<br/>A rather mischievous smile lit the Duke’s eyes; he looked under his lashes at his uncle, and replied: ‘I think it was perhaps because I have wanted very often to practice my duels there myself.’<br/>‘Yes! And you would thank me for it today, I daresay, had I allowed you and Dudley to ruin one of the finest pieces of turf in the country!’ said his lordship.<br/>Miss Figg, having by this time disposed of her portion of pumpkin meringue, Lady Petunia rose from her chair. The Duke picked up such small articles as she dropped, the doors were held open, and both ladies withdrew to leave the gentlemen to their wine.<br/>The covers having been removed, the cloth swept away, and decanters set upon the table, the servants left the room, and Lord Vernon settled down to enjoy his fire-whiskey in what he termed comfort, and his nephew thought to be great discomfort. The fire behind him was beginning to be unpleasantly hot, the ornate carving of his chair made leaning back in it a penance, despite a covertly cast cushioning charm, and he was not fond of fire-whiskey.<br/>Lord Dursley began to talk of some improvements to one of the Duke’s estates, which the agent-in-chief thought might be advantageous. ‘You should see Griphook yourself, Harry,’ he said. ‘You know, you must not forget that in less than a year now you will have the management of everything in your own hands. I am very anxious you should acquaint yourself with all the business of your estates.’<br/>‘Dear me, yes!’ said Mr Diggle, sipping his wine delicately. ‘It is very true, though I may scarcely credit it! My dear lord, you will indeed be eighteen next year! Yet it seems only yesterday that I was so fortunate as to be chosen to be your chief tutor and historian!’<br/>‘I have never had the least doubt that I made a wise choice,’ said his lordship graciously, ‘but what I am saying is that my nephew must not look to be guided for many months more. You have a thousand amiable qualities, Harry, but you lack decision of character!’<br/>The Duke did not deny the accusation. He felt it to be true, but he could scarcely repress a shudder at the thought of the painful scenes that must have taken place at Hogwarts had he been endowed with the same forceful personality that distinguished his uncle. His cousin Dudley had it in some measure, and had certainly won his father’s respect with it; but Dudley had always been a robust and pugnacious boy, and was quite untroubled by more sensitive matters. He had cared for being thrashed as little as for being rated. The Duke had never known which of the two fates he dreaded most. Fortunately for him, Lord Dursley treated him with far more gentleness than he showed his son, so that he was not really at all afraid of him. But a naturally kind disposition and a dislike of excessive attention, combined with a rueful appreciation of the very real devotion to his interest and welfare that inspired his uncle’s strict rule made him submit much more docilely where his cousin would have flamed into revolt.<br/>‘You are the head of the family, Harry,’ Lord Vernon said. ‘You must learn to assert yourself. I have done all that a man may to train and educate you for the position you must occupy, but you are by far too diffident.’<br/>Mr Diggle shook his head reminiscently. ‘Indeed, there are few young men today who can boast of my lord Duke’s advantages,’ he said. ‘But I for one feel sure, sir, that he will prove himself worthy of your unremitting solicitude.’<br/>The Duke thought of the period of his boyhood, spent largely at his house near Mungo, so that he might derive the benefit of the healers there; of three years at the Auror academy, two of which were spent with the most paranoid ex-Auror on the planet jumping out at random moments to hex him in order to sharpen his reflexes; of another year under the tutelage of a portly, interfering potions master; and suddenly he made up his mind to assert himself, even if only in a small matter. He pushed back his chair, and said: ‘Shall we join my aunt now?’<br/>‘Really, Harry, you must see that I have not yet finished my glass!’ said Lord Vernon. ‘Do not, I beg of you, get into a scrambling way of doing things! You should always make sure that the company is ready to rise before you give the signal.’<br/>‘I beg your pardon, sir,’ said the Duke, abandoning the attempt to assert himself.</p>
  </div>
  