
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Hermione snorted as Ron’s ears went red. “Ms. Skeeter has unfortunately shot too low. This doesn’t affect me,” she said as she threw it into a nearby bin, levitating it a bit so the ball didn’t fall to the floor. Ron and Harry swapped apprehensive glances and turned back to the blackboard. The class ended rather slowly, giving the two boys much time to think why this hadn’t affected Hermione. She skipped off to the library, and the boys went to lunch. “Where do you reckon Fred and George are?”<br/>
“No idea” Harry replied as he scanned the Great Hall for two redheads, but they were absolutely lost. “Weird of them to skip. Odd pair, they are,” Ron mumbled as he resumed to his pumpkin juice. The twins suddenly appeared, laughing and talking with Colin Creevey, a third year photographer. “Yeah, make sure that gets to the editor ASAP,” Fred called to him as he ran to the Owlery. “Great kid, bless him. He’s right obsessed with you, Harry,” George said as he sat down. “Where’ve you been? Why were you with that kid?” Ron said. “Alright mum, would you like me to clean my room as well?” George replied as Fred laughed. “You’ve read that nasty article in Witch Weekly, right? Well, we told everyone in our year to make sure Rita knows they slept with The Boy Who Lived,” Fred explained with George nodding, “brilliant,right?” “You’ve done, what?” Harry and Ron said at once. The twins laughed harder. “You are as daft as Ginny says you are! You bloody idiots, if enough people say they’re going with Harry, it’ll become a joke and Rita’s ‘career’ will be ruined,” George elaborated while Fred imitated a mind exploding. Ron began to nod and laugh, “that’s genius. No one will take her seriously if the whole school says they’ve gone with Harry”. Harry was astonished. Rita Skeeter could become the joke she is. “That’s amazing,” he said after realizing the big picture. “You can thank us when you see next week’s article. Now, we’ve got to go tell Hufflepuff. They’ll love helping us,” Fred said as he and George walked away. “We’ve got to go tell Hermione,” Harry said and left with Ron to the library.<br/>
“That’s actually a great plan,” Hermione said when Ron finished telling her. They laughed and figured up a plan to get Neville, Seamus, Luna, and Dean in on the plan. Hermione even fathomed a plan to get a few people from Slytherin. “‘Mione, that won’t work and you know it,” Ron said a few minutes into her rant. “Bullshit, Ronald. You know Slytherins just want the five minutes of fame,” Ron was taken aback, “So she does bite back”. They went to Care of Magical Creatures a bit more hopeful than normal. This would give Hermione a chance to prove herself. “Alrigh’ Today we’re gonna be learnin’ ‘bout Bowtruckles. Now get a group and watch ‘em move,” Hagrid said. Hermione sat herself down next to a fifth year Slytherin boy, who jumped when she spoke. “ I can get you a spot in Witch Weekly. All you have to do is say you’ve gone with Harry Potter. Deal?” Hermione said quiet and quickly. Ron saw the boy start, but whisper something. Hermione smiled and walked over to where Ron and Harry were. “We’ve got one. Wanna bet on two, Weasley?” Hermione said as she sat down. Ron gasped, “Magnificent, Hermione Granger. You’re truly magnificent”. She smiled and resumed watching the Bowtruckle.</p>
  </div>
  