
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>It was a particularly warm day at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. All the students were looking forward to the pleasures of being home for the summer. Students were sitting in the Great Hall, discussing summer plans and planning mid summer get-togethers. However, there was were three students missing from the Great Hall that afternoon. Ron, Harry, and Hermione back in the Gryffindor Common Room having a heated debate about Hoacruxes. “This is useless!” Hermione screamed as she threw the book she had just been furiously reading. It made a resounding “thunk” as it hit the floor of the Common Room. “Hermione, calm down,” Harry said. “We will figure this out. We just need to find the right book.” The trio had been furiously reading books from the forbidden section, trying to figure out how to destroy Hoarcruxes, but they had gotten no where.</p><p>“It’s bloody boiling in here,” Ron complained. He wore a pair of loose fitting trainers and a t-shirt. “I agree,” said Harry, who was similarly dressed. “I am fine,” commented Hermione. “I don’t know what you two are complaining about.” Ron snorted, “Easy for you to say Hermione, you are barely wearing any clothes!” He wasn’t lying. Hermione was wearing sky blue booty shorts with a semi-transparent top. A shameful amount of her ass was hanging out of her shorts, and it didn’t take a very keen eye to see the lacy, patterned material of blood red bra. As Hermione shot her head up to retort, Ron’s eyes darted around the room to find something else to stare at. “Well Ronald, if you are feeling so hot and bothered, maybe you should find something better to do rather than ogle me all day.” “I wasn’t ogling,” Ron shot back, flushed red with embarrassment. Harry got up and started up the stairs to the boys bedrooms. Ron and Hermione has begun to bicker frequently after they started dating. Ron, being a horny 21 year old, was pushing Hermione to have sex. However, Hermione, who was also 21, wanted to take things slower and enjoy the more subtle aspects of a relationship. Things like a romantic dinner, followed by a walk through the grounds of Hogwarts, and then a nice white night on Ron’s arms.</p><p> Harry on the other hand was having issues as well when it came to women. Ginny had begun to lose interest in him and had begun dating other guys just to spite him. Sometimes Harry would hear stories of Ginny’s wild encounters with Dean Thomas, the Creevey brothers, and even Cho Chang. The impending battle with Voldemort had put a lot of strain on their relationship and Harry had begun to isolate himself from Ginny. Harry knew deep down that when Voldemort would attack the school, he would come for those Harry loved. The thought of Ginny in Voldemort’s cold, boney grip gave him shivers.  As Harry reached his bed, he saw a scroll of parchment lying on his bed. Next to it was an owl he couldn’t recognize. He picked up the parchment and read it out loud. “I know Ginny hasn’t been treating you well. Let me fulfill your desires. Meet me in the Room or Requirements at 9:30. LL.” As he reached the bottom of the page, the ink began to move around the page until all that was left was a large heart on the center of the parchment. Harry started at the page and contemplated the idea of going to meet this secret admirer. “This is an unexpected surprise,” he thought. He glanced over at the clock on his desk. It was 9:00. If he was going to make a decision, it would be now.</p>
  </div>
  