
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Severus was carefully gathering every ingredients he needed from the front shelf. They were going to brew the Felix Felicis potion. He had, of course, already achieved it in their third year; however they were now supposed to brew it in class. He fathodemed that he should be done at least half an hour in advance. He knew he wouldn’t get any points for it (it was all the same to him, he was used to it by now), but perhaps, it would give him so time to go to the library, or at least, escape any childish prank directed at him. They, the “marauders” as they’d like to call themselves, had been quite creative in matters of cruel pranks throughout the years even more so on the weekends. It had been quiet this first week, well except for the usual name calling, but this was his last hour, and Merlin knows, he didn’t want to tempt the faiths, by giving them a chance to succeed.<br/>
So he carefully went back to his place, where Lily was waiting for him. As he did, he felt piercing eyes, watching his every move. They were Potters of course, who thought that this would get him away from her. Now, if he were to be honest with himself, he’d say that he felt how she, as soon as they arrived at Hogwarts, slowly distance herself from him. The only time they were together anymore, was when Severus was supposed to help her in potions and that was that. But, he wasn’t honest with himself, because he was to hung up on the fact that, if his first and only friend left him, he would be completely and utterly alone. So he said to himself, that it was probably because of the fact that they were in different houses, an ignored her judgy looks and her fakes smiles. As he sat down, he saw her putting on her friendly mask, and one of those fake smiles:<br/>
“So did you get everything we needed?”<br/>
“Yes I did, let’s begin.” He smiled weakly at her, before putting everything on the table, and starting preparing the ingredients. “Maybe you could…”<br/>
“Oh no, I’d rather have you do it. We wouldn’t want to ruin a perfect potion, wouldn’t we?”<br/>
She turned her head to the side, where her friend Mary, looked at her, before she rolled her eyes, which made Mary giggle. She turned back to Severus, before faking a smile again, pulling a book out, and proceeding to ignore him completely. He acted as if what just had happened, didn’t, and got entirely absorbed with his favourite hobby: potion making.<br/>
That’s the only explanation he could give, for the fact that he didn't hear the door open. The unsupervised chatter that had happened until now, when the figure of Dumbledore, strangely without twinkles in his eyes, appeared in the door frame. Everybody stopped what they were doing, to look at their unusually serious headmaster, well except from Slughorn. He seemed to be engrossed in… well, whatever he was doing. Dumbledore cleared his throat, which made Slughorn stand up, unceremoniously (which then again made some of the students snicker).<br/>
“Albus… I didn’t hear you coming… I was just…”<br/>
“That is quite alright Horace. I just came here to discuss some matters with you.” He looked around the room before, once again, clearing his throat. “Please students, go back to what you were doing.” He made a move, as if to walk up to Slughorn’s office, before stopping, turning around and saying: “Ah, and Misses Prince-Peverell, if you’d please come in..” He then walked up in the office, without another word, followed closely by Slughorn, who was, as the rest of his students, shocked.<br/>
In fact, the name Prince, but mostly the name Peverell hadn’t been heard for a very long time in the wizarding community. The fame and wealth of those names was however still respected, so that every Pureblood or Halfblood, and as a consequence Muggleborn, watched who would come in through the door. Severus was, even more curious, as he had heard from his mother the tales of her wealthy ex-family, the Princes. At first, it seemed as if the person Dumbledore called wouldn’t enter. However, just as some were about to turn around, she entered. A girl, about their age, who wore dark robes made out of wool entered., And even though her robes looked quite prestigious, she wore the hogwarts uniform, however her tie didn’t didn’t show her belonging house. She was a dark skinned girl, with shoulder-length ebony slightly wavy hair, and her face was covered in freckles. However, the most remarkable attribute she had, was her clear, yet intense grey eyes, who stood out even more thanks to her dark skin. The whole room was watching her; she however, scanning through the class with an empty look in her eyes, sat down on an empty table, took her (alchemy?) book out, and ignored everybody. People started whispering, but no one seemed to dare to go up to her and talk with her. So, Severus, as he got over his little shock, decided to go back to brew potions.</p>
  </div>
  