
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>"Hey look it's the greasy git again. How was life treating you?" James Potter stepped forward appearing along with the others. Severus Snape stood there with the same look as always "Well I must be in hell if you're here." "Oh don't take it the wrong way Snake, I mean Snape. I am only teasing you." Though James didn't like Snape not even to this day. "James Potter you leave him alone!" Lily appeared between the two boys, luckily neither had their wands or magic that they could use. Well actually Lily knew that Snape &amp; herself had their own magic without the use of wands but admitting that right now was not the time.</p><p>Lily walked over to Severus with a big smile on her face "It's good to see you again Sev. I had wondered if you were ever going to follow us here or not. Thank you for watching over Harry after all these years." Lily watched as Severus did a simple nod "I only did as I promised." "Aww look he's getting shy in front of my wife just as he did years ago at Hogwarts." Sirius was staying silent and almost burst out laughing at Jame's reaction. Lily wrapped her arms around Snape's neck giving him a loving hug. Jame's reaction was priceless "Okay that's enough Lily." James was now getting jealous a bit and it was showing enough that Sirius had to hold him back.</p><p>Severus after all this time had the chance to tell Lily everything about how he felt. As he did those years ago before her wedding day with James. James back then pulled a prank on him so that he couldn't mutter a single word. Not even during the ceremony to stop them from getting married. Cruelest joke ever. "I know about the joke Severus, always have. I am sorry I never noticed or said anything sooner." Lily whispered only to where Severus could hear her. "It's alright, it's not a bother." "Stop lying, I know how you were after I died." Lily hung around him a lot when she passed away even though she tended to watch over her son a lot. She wanted to make sure he wouldn't do anything too stupid for his own good. Lily then whispered something that surprised Severus which got everyone's attention around them. Before Jame's could react, Lily took Severus' face in her hands. Her lovely soft green eyes looking into his mysterious dark eyes. Her soft lips pressed against his making him wrap his arms around her waist pulling her closer.</p><p>Sirius let go of James thinking he was "not" going to hold James back after this. Yet even Sirius knew how Severus and Lily felt about each other. James stormed over gathering magic from who knows where. Then began using it in an offensive way towards Snape. "Why you greesy little git, I'll teach you to lay your hands on my wife!" "JAMES FLEAMONT POTTER!" Lily pulled away from the magical kiss that made her think sparks had flown around her. As if the magic she felt had swirled inside her heart. "Don't you dare!" Lily was like Severus, a wand-less magic user. Wandless magic users didn't need much effort to use magical energy without a wand. Well at least to take down another that would threaten her or them. "Use your magic, I dare you!" Lily threatened as her green eyes lit up with magic filling them.</p><p>"Oh my Merlin, will you guys just stop!" Another voice made them all look over as a girl with auburn hair in a high slight wave ponytail. A green scrunchy to match her emerald eyes appeared. Lightly fair skin with parted wavy bangs and a Slytherin Hogwarts uniform. "Who the bloody hell are you!?" James responded as the magic around them all cancelled out. "My Merlin, you really don't know me!? Wow and here I thought he would've been smart enough to figure it out by now. It seems too much credit was given on my part." She rolled her eyes until someone said her name. "Kate!?" Lily ran over to hug the young adult "I didn't know you were here, why are you here?" Lily was glad when the girl hugged her back "I missed you too, mom."</p><p>"MOM?!" Everyone exclaimed together as Sirius chuckled. "I see you hadn't told anyone yet Lily, when did you think was a good time?" James smiled "So we had two children? Since when?" "EW! NO!" Kate let go of the hug as she put her hands on her hips "You are so not my father, ew. Don't make me gag." "Then if Lily is your mother, who is your father?" James asked wanting to know now. Kate and Lily sighed in unison "I told him before he passed on but not sure if it got through his head." Kate spoke then walked over to Snape. He tend not to show affection towards anyone except Lily but he wrapped his arms around Kate. "I'm glad you told me. Even if I wouldn't been able to see you again, at least I knew I had a chance." Snape spoke.</p>
  </div>
  