
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>He didn’t understand why the hat had placed him in Gryffindor; he wasn’t brave, wasn’t daring or bold, or any of the things a Gryffindor was supposed to be. Sure, his parents called him brave, but what else were they supposed to say to him after he turned into a werewolf each full moon; ‘hey son, congrats on not killing the whole town this month’. There was a reason Remus’ house had a safe room in it, and it wasn’t to keep him safe. So maybe the hat just assumed he was brave each month, that he took the pain of the transformation like a man, rather than curled up in a ball trying not to cry. That must be it. And it wasn’t like he was going to correct the hat. He didn’t want to disappoint his parents, or the nice professor who’d specially invited him to come to Hogwarts; Remus would do anything to stay at the school, even pretend he was brave and bold and daring if he had to. But he was beginning to think that wasn’t possible; the boys in his dorm, they were bold. And loud. And, for a kid like Remus who had never known anyone but his parents in his life, very very intimidating. </p><p>The two boys, James Potter and Sirius Black, had already hit off on the train, so by the time they’d reached the Gryffindor dormitories they looked like they’d been best friends for years, brothers even, with their matching black hair. That made Remus worried. If these boys had already made friends, maybe everyone else had too and there’d be no one left for him to talk to – not like he’d had friends before, but this time he thought it would be different. Perhaps he could make friends with the other boy in their dorm, he wasn’t sure of his name, the boy hadn’t said anything all evening, and even Remus had said hello and spoken to some of the prefects. The chubby boy had merely gotten changed and climbed straight into bed. Remus couldn’t even see him now with the curtains pulled around him, and he wasn’t sure if he was supposed to pull the draping around his bed too, but that seemed very antisocial and he didn’t want to make the other boys think that he was aloof, so he just lay back and tried to close his eyes.</p><p>James and Sirius didn’t go to sleep for ages, so Remus just lay there, excited and scared all at the same time about how his life had suddenly become a massive sleepover every night. Well. Every night except full moon, and speaking of that he’d have to make up some excuses about where he went each month so these boys didn’t find out. If they found out then they would hate him and tell everyone, and then he’d be kicked out; because, in reality he was a liability, and no one would want their child sharing a room with a werewolf. He could say… that he was ill, that he came into the dorm really late and left really early, except that wouldn’t work because he wouldn’t be in lessons for a couple of days either. Or maybe his grandmother had died and he had to go to her funeral, or that his mother was terminally ill so Professor Dumbledore let him go home each month to visit her. That excuse would work best; it would mean he wouldn’t have to keep coming up with new ones. Finally, with this at ease in his mind, Remus Lupin managed to drift off to sleep.</p>
  </div>
  