
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>When he had first met Tom, he hadn’t understood how important that moment would be. He’d seen nothing in the boy whose face wasn’t yet cut from glass. He’d just been a face in the crowd, an unimportant presence that pressed on no one’s mind. That didn’t change for a long time.<br/>
Tom was clever, always the top of the class. They didn’t ignore him, he just wasn’t willing to integrate himself with the rest of them, especially not a Malfoy. Tom seemed to despise everything that Abraxas was and everything that he stood for. With the rest of them, Tom didn’t even pass a negative judgement, he passed no judgement at all. He just didn’t care.<br/>
Even now, Abraxas doubted if he’d ever seen anyone so apathetic about everything, someone so unfeeling, so cold. Tom’s gaze alone, could extinguish a forest fire, no one wanted to be on the receiving end of that frosty glare.<br/>
So, Abraxas had ignored him. Tom hadn’t been anything like the rest of them: he didn’t have a family that would cater to his every need, didn’t have a vast pool of wealth that he could cleanse himself with. He had nothing so there was no need for them to be friends. Tom was unimportant, a worthless nothing that he had no reason to pay attention to.<br/>
~<br/>
That all changed when they were in their fifth year and that pretty face first showed itself to the world. Abraxas had hardly recognised that gorgeous boy who sat opposite him in the train carriage. Abraxas had tried to place him, little could be detected of the boy that had been so unimportant. Just a hint in that smile and a flicker in his eyes told them this was the person they had ignored for so long, the one who had been worthless; though now he seemed anything but.<br/>
Tom was still apathetic. Still, he didn’t really care about anyone or anything, but there was something else. He started sitting with them, started talking, started saying such interesting things. All the others looked to Abraxas for directions, Abraxas would decide his fate and he’d been too intrigued to abandon Tom, so he’d stayed.<br/>
Abraxas had never realised how charming his acquaintance could be. Such pretty words spilt from that pretty mouth. He spun them spider webs that kept them quiet, such lovely lies they would believe to their dying days. He told them they could be great if they wanted to, they could be everything, that they could create the new world order if only they were willing to listen. His spell wrapped their head in wool until all they could see was this new world. The brilliant new world that was ruled by six schoolboys.<br/>
Abraxas watched as he lost all he had once had. They stopped following him, stopped taking his words as God’s. Tom was their new God and now they followed his path. The one that fell hardest was Lestrange. Abraxas had seen how his eyes watched Tom. Had watched as wide innocent eyes became murky, as water does when someone digs into the clay beneath. Lestrange was never the same. His smiles were crueller, his heart more callous, and a nasty malicious streak ran closer to the surface. He was completely devoted to Tom, like a pathetic dog or some other inferior creature. But he was not the only one to fall. Tom slowly became a sickness that lingered everywhere, he infected everyone’s hearts and rotted them from the inside out. Abraxas could taste it in the air, a sourness that never left them no matter where they went.<br/>
~<br/>
Abraxas had never known what to think. There was something about Tom, something that was as thrilling as it was unnerving. The way he smiled seemed to show he had a thousand secrets. Abraxas didn’t like that his expensive world was shaken by Tom, but he’d never thought someone so common could have been so interesting, and yet Tom was the pinnacle of interesting. Even when the entire was so deeply unsettled by such disturbing happenings, Tom was calm, he did not change his routine or way he smiled. He was completely unaffected by the panic.<br/>
Abraxas had been the only one to find out Tom’s little secret. The reason he could be so composed during such times. As it had gotten him what he wanted, Abraxas’ wasn’t ashamed to admit he’d followed him. After all, in the Slytherin common room when everyone is always watching, Tom couldn’t have expected to sneak off every night and not to leave a string of rumours behind him.<br/>
The first and only time Abraxas ever saw fear in Tom’s face was then when Abraxas found him in that chamber, with that thing. Tom hadn’t bothered to explain or to excuse anything, it was exactly what it looked like. Abraxas knew he should have done something, said something perhaps, but the way Tom clarified it, made it seem almost – good. Was there really any harm in scaring those whose birth so sullied wizard-kind? Abraxas did not think so, and neither did Tom.<br/>
After a few moments of staring at each other, waiting, figure the other would react, Tom had shown him what he could do, and Abraxas had done nothing but watched in awe. It was then he understood what ‘once in a generation’ meant. His mother liked people like that, the ones who shone brighter than everybody else. It was beautiful to see how Tom shined and Abraxas liked to bask in his glory.<br/>
They were closer after that. Abraxas sharing little things about society that Tom didn’t understand. He showed him how much a name was worth, how much a reputation could guarantee. Tom was captivated, fascinated, he’d never seen money, never understood it, not like Abraxas who was so smothered in expense that he felt completely naked without it. There was no denying that Tom understood every word he said, understood the simple fact that he needed Abraxas by his side.<br/>
~<br/>
They stayed together more often, lying outside under the grey sky. They lay just far enough apart for there to be no talk of what existed between them. They were just good friends who liked to be outside when the air turned cold and buzzing sulphuric clouds filled the sky.<br/>
They liked to be close, it gave Abraxas reassurance and Tom something else, Abraxas thought it was a sense of security, a Malfoy would never make a bad name for himself, could never be a scapegoat. So, Tom stayed close, with the proud knowledge that he practically untouchable. Hands eventually strayed, fingers touching each other nervously, twisting themselves together. Tom liked to wrap his fingers in Abraxas’ hair, it was so soft he said; Abraxas liked to look at Tom as if he were one of those Renaissance statues his father liked so much. A face carved from marble and filled with detail, such an intensity and purpose, such beauty.<br/>
Tom was always cold, but his hands felt nice, so did his forearm. Abraxas liked to draw on it, twirling pretty inked patterns onto his skin. The dark colours stood out so violently on Tom’s pale skin as if he were branded, marked and thus held an allegiance to some higher power. Sometimes when Abraxas was feeling ambitious he drew skulls, on other days it was snakes coloured with green ink, and thickly drawn numbers. Tom liked the number seven, because it was special, such a powerful number. Abraxas preferred the number eight because it looked like infinity and that was a very powerful thing.<br/>
~<br/>
They talked late at night and early in the morning and whenever they could. Abraxas was sure people must have noticed. How could they have not? Two teenage boys were never as close as they were. They could spend infinity just staring at each other. Tom was the brightest star Abraxas had ever seen and he wanted to keep him forever to enjoy by himself, kept like a fairy in a jar.<br/>
It was then when a summer storm lashed against the window but a quidditch match was still happening and the others had all gone to watch, that he first let Tom into his head, and Tom let him into his. Many times Tom had asked, murmured to him all the things they could understand about each other, but Abraxas hadn’t been sure if he wanted to understand his friend like that, wasn’t sure he wanted to know the madness that made Tom’s mind so inexplicably brilliant.<br/>
But now he had accepted, finally given in, finally needed to see the raw part of Tom that lurked in the shadows of his mind. They sat looking into each other’s eyes and they’d learnt so many things, such wonderful things and such sickening secrets. Abraxas should have been disgusted by the things that hovered through Tom’s head but instead, he’d been excited, excited that other people thought such dark things, that other people, that Tom himself, didn’t understand the world either.<br/>
They’d sat there, on the bed, exploring each other for hours. When it was finally over Abraxas could barely remember who he was, all he’d known was Tom was by his side and always would be. They’d laid down together, hand in hand, staring at the ceiling, listening to the rain and feeling the chill in the air. Abraxas had never felt closer to anyone in the world. Tom had everything he’d ever wanted, he fulfilled the desires of every sense and made Abraxas’ hands shake and his stomach twist itself into knots.<br/>
Tom shared everything with him, at least he thought it was everything. He never seemed to hide his ambitions or what they meant for the rest of the world. He shared his hatred and his love, he revealed everything, and it was devastating to hear somebody so capable speak so bluntly. Abraxas advised him when it was necessary, helped him with the little things, taught him how to keep up appearances, how to lie, how to do unspeakable things. He was the one who taught Tom about the unforgivable curses. They were open secrets in old pureblood families, what children were taught when they came of age. He taught Tom the stories, the ancient prophesies, about dark powerful magic and dark powerful wizards.<br/>
~<br/>
He watched as Tom lured a girl to her death, never saying anything, never stopping it, he supposed that made him an accomplice; the thought thrilled him. Myrtle was so easy to charm, so easy to impress. She liked to watch them together when she thought no one was looking. Tom said her head was empty, that she was a mudblood with nothing to add to the world. But still, he indulged her, said kind things, let her childish fantasies feature him and only him. Let his dark eyes seem to say a thousand things when really, they contained nothing but loathing. It was beautiful to watch, fascinating to see someone fall so completely under Tom’s spell.<br/>
After she died there was a new glitter in Tom’s eyes, an enthralling glow that made Abraxas want to be forever by his side. So, when Tom asked him for a favour he accepted without question. Together they let that half-wizard take the fall for what Tom’s creature did. The way Tom smiled should have terrified him, but Tom was beautiful and never let the nasty side of him be seen. He taught Abraxas how to be a two-faced deceiver, how to spin the world silver lies and Abraxas had drunk up his words like a man in the desert, never once feeling the twinge of guilt that should have engulfed him.<br/>
He’d noticed after that Professor Dumbledore always seemed to be around them. He’d seen him watching them from the upper floor windows and the end of corridors, Tom always smiled but he never pretended to be nice. The smile he gave Dumbledore was one of knowing. One of power. One of someone who knows they were going to do great things. Abraxas had loved that smile.<br/>
~<br/>
He’d invited him home that summer. He wanted to show him what it meant to be a Malfoy, in his heart he knew he’d wanted to give Tom a reason to keep him around. His mother had loved him, such a charm, such a handsome face, such a lovely boy. His father had looked at Tom liked he saw something else, but Tom’s words convinced him such worries were unnecessary. His parents accepted Tom, it gave them a reason to ignore Abraxas. They were left alone and that was exactly what they wanted.<br/>
He showed Tom what money could buy. The gardens and the pavilions and the houses and the parties and the paintings and the jewels; the glittering expense that made the Malfoys the imperial family. Tom was drunk on it all, the way of life that some people lived, the excess and immoderation had made him dizzy, sick to his core but so desperate to be a part of it.<br/>
~<br/>
Lying side by side, hand in hand on the bed was the best time of Abraxas’ life. Tom’s hands were still cold but there was a fire in his eyes, a sort of awakening to what the world could be, and Abraxas had indulged his friend’s curiosity. Now there were no time constraints on them, they stayed together all night, heavy eyes always fighting sleep. They would lie on their stomachs on Abraxas’ bed and read, looking for Tom’s parents. Abraxas knew he was the only one who would ever know Tom’s half-blood status, it was a secret that he prized and one he knew Tom would make him regret ever sharing.<br/>
They fell asleep like that. Abraxas resting lightly against Tom’s shoulder and Tom lying with his head in a book. If anyone ever thought it was strange, they never said anything, Abraxas assumed his parents never cared enough to wonder what their son did with his friends, not that it should have concerned them.<br/>
Tom was swept up by the money and Abraxas liked to watch him when he was just slightly out of his depth. Whilst Tom was charming, his pleasantness rarely survived an entire evening, so Abraxas took him by the arm just before he could reveal any brutal truths to anyone important and led him out to the garden. They passed hours sitting on the edge of the fountain, looking at the stars and wondering whether fate would keep them together.<br/>
Although their hands were always entwined, Abraxas wished for more; he wanted to know what Tom’s lips would feel like against his own, whether they were soft and delicate, whether they were warm and dry, whether they tasted as sweet as they looked. But Tom didn’t care for sentimentalities and Abraxas knew he was foolish to fall in love with someone whose gender matched his own. You couldn’t do that, it was wrong, and frankly disgusting, to quote his father, but that didn’t stop him dreaming of a life with Tom and how different it would be to the world he was going to enter. It was no secret what the future held for him, and he liked to wonder whether falling for Tom would change that. Though he knew deep down, he didn’t have the strength to flee from his family, they would find him and bring him home, or worse abandon him. They could leave him with nothing and then he’d be of no use to Tom at all and he would lose everything. So, he kept his mouth shut, and his feelings in his heart, and was simply grateful for the short moments he could hold Tom’s hand.<br/>
~<br/>
That August he went with Tom to the Muggle village he had been so anxious to find. He waited outside the shack while Tom talked. Frankly glad Tom had wanted him to go into such a dilapidated hovel. He kicked stones outside and watched the birds, one stood for a long time on the fence post, only to be disturbed by Tom furiously slamming the gate.<br/>
He’d never seen Tom’s eyes so dark or seen the way his face twisted, somehow making his beautiful features ugly. He’d asked him to explain but Tom had just walked on, he followed more out of curiosity than anything else. Tom never stopped until they were outside that mansion.<br/>
Tom told him to wait outside and he had, although he had moved closer to the window. He’d heard the discussion slowly get louder. Nasty words passed everybody’s lips. Clipped sentences and harsh phrases and curses and shouts and then silence.<br/>
Abraxas had looked through the window, Tom was standing alone looking almost scared. He’d gone inside the house and faced a foreign wand against his throat. Tom was shaking, the wand trembled in his hand. They’d looked at each other and Abraxas had barely recognised his friend, a shadow had settled on his face.<br/>
Tom had told him to leave. He’d refused. Tom had shouted at him. Abraxas had left. He’d heard a wretched sobbing as soon as he was gone, but he walked away. Somehow, he knew Tom would get over this minor harrowing of his heart. Although, perhaps he wouldn’t, after all, they’d never raised their voices to each other, they’d never fought before, but Tom had never killed anyone before.<br/>
Abraxas hadn’t been surprised by the three corpses in that mansion. He thought perhaps he should have, but something had always told him that Tom would do something like this. Tom wasn’t subtle, he didn’t like a slow revenge, he liked results quick, the evidence of his exertion before him instantly. So, Abraxas wasn’t surprised by three terrified faces, only how similar one looked like Tom. He had wondered momentarily, as he walked away, whether Tom would hate his face now, knowing who it looked like.<br/>
~<br/>
As he sat alone in his room, waiting, he didn’t feel scared for Tom, something told him he would sort it out, tie up every loose end. Tom was methodical like that, and Abraxas knew if he needed help, he would be the first point of call.<br/>
Hours went by as he’d lain there looking at the ceiling feeling lost without Tom beside him. Waiting, wondering whether Tom would talk about it or whether he’d go into that heavy brooding silence he always used when he was angry. It was usually an unnerving silence that put everyone on edge, made them tip-toe around subjects as if the slightest mention would set off an unexploded shell.<br/>
For a moment Abraxas had been scared for Tom, for what this would mean, at the same time though, he was in awe. There was reverence to be held for someone who was willing to do that with so little regard for – everything. It made him shiver with an anticipation he didn’t understand, a thrill that seemed to take a hold of his entire body: it was electrifying to know a real murderer, especially one who wouldn’t get caught.<br/>
He’d sat up when there was a knock at the door, he’d thought it would be a servant telling him his friend was in his room and asking whether everything was all right between them. It wasn’t. It was Tom himself.<br/>
His friend had stood there, for a moment, just looking at Abraxas. There was something different about him, a new meaning had been brought to his smile, a danger he’d never had before. No longer was Tom’s power just a rumour, just a potential, he’d discovered something about himself and now he couldn’t hide it. He was beautiful in that moment, his whole body giving off an electricity so that the air around him was deeply charged. Expectation filled the room, suffocating both of them. Abraxas couldn’t take his eyes off Tom, not when raw magic was dripping from him like water and his face was illuminated with such an understanding.<br/>
Tom had stood before him, hands still shaking but no tears left in his eyes. He had broken free from whatever had been restraining him and now he had a surge of reckless abandon. Their hands found each other. Abraxas stood up, eyes level with Tom’s, feeling like this was the defining moment in his life. Tom touched his hair, running a single finger down its length, cold, damp fingers traced up his neck and touched his lips. Tom had told him he was beautiful, like an angel made of glass. They had both leaned closer then, so close, so very close; Tom’s breath hot on Abraxas’ lips and the heady static of devastating magic smothering the air around them. Tom had pressed his lips to Abraxas’ own and Abraxas let himself be choked by such beautiful magic.<br/>
They hadn’t slept that night. Instead, they kneeled on the floor, hands pressed together, exploring each other. Kissing one another like this was the last time they would ever be together. Abraxas didn’t remember moving to the bed, but they had, lying on it, Tom beside him, lips never leaving each other, hands running across the other’s clothes. Outside the thunderous rumble of a storm pounded against the glass but Abraxas heard nothing but the beating of his own heart and the heavy breaths of Tom.<br/>
Abraxas had never known there were so many ways to kiss the same person, but every single one was stained with feeling, emotions Tom couldn’t articulate but so desperately wanted to say.<br/>
Still lying next to each other when a grey sun started to creep across the room, Tom told him everything while Abraxas outlined his face, listening carefully, only speaking when Tom needed him to and always reassuring. At that moment, Abraxas let himself fall, Tom was more than he could have ever imagined, more than anyone could ever understand, and he was overcome with the brilliance.</p>
  </div>
  