
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harry took a deep pull of his beer to avoid talking. Around him were gathered his friends, laughing and joking in the Leaky’s cheerful atmosphere. Two years post-war, they were getting on. Almost everyone had returned to Hogwarts for an Eighth year, except Harry and Ron. In that time, bridges had been built and walls had been mended, both within and without. Slytherins now sat with their crew, a little separate still, but a part of the group. Harry had heard from Hermione how hard Pansy and Blaise had worked to ingratiate themselves back into society. How Goyle had wondered like a lost child for months, before being taken under the kindly wing of Luna and Neville. How Draco Malfoy had apologised profusely to Hermione, and had worked at creating a friendship with her. Now, a small group of Slytherins sat at the very opposite end of the table to Harry, laughing amongst themselves and sipping bright drinks with straws. People had moved on. And while Harry could appreciate that on a logical level – after all, he had died so that it might be so – he couldn’t help the numbness that spread through him day in and day out. His inattention, foul temper and disregard for rules had got him suspended from the Auror program just a month ago. They said he had failed the physical, which was true enough. Everyone thought he was devastated but the fact was, he simply didn’t care. Sometimes he wondered what had come back from Kings Cross, that day in the forest. Most days he felt that he had left something important there.</p><p>His eyes wondered back to the Slytherins. Malfoy hadn’t turned up, and Harry felt irritated. It was Hermione’s birthday, and the blond bastard was meant to be her friend… as if called forth by Harry’s thoughts, the door opened to the cold night air and Malfoy sailed through. He was holding a beautifully wrapped gift, obviously professionally done, which he quickly presented to Hermione with a flourish and a smile. She cooed in delight and thanked him, but Draco was already signaling to Hannah at the bar for another round for everyone. “Same again?” he called cheerfully, and Harry felt his ire rise further. Draco Malfoy of all people had no reason to look so healthy and pretty and warm. He looked expensive too, with that patrician air of wealth that had always clung to him. Harry could afford fancy clothes himself but Malfoy had no business looking so delectable in his cream wool peacoat and lavender – lavender! – trousers. Harry watched dourly as Malfoy grinned over at his mates and said, “Yes, yes, same for everyone except those two on the end there. We’ll take the…” Malfoy scanned a wine list that Hannah had produced from somewhere, selected a ridiculously expensive bottle to universal whistles and grumbles, and settled down next to Pansy with a flourish. Pansy murmured something in Malfoy’s ear and gave him a little peck on the cheek. As Malfoy grinned widely and curled his arm around her waist, Harry’s temper boiled over.</p><p>“Can’t drink the same swill as the rest of us, Malfoy?” he drawled. The deep timbre of his voice was so rarely heard nowadays that the entire table fell silent. Malfoy looked at Harry in surprise, a delicate blush climbing his high cheekbones.</p><p>“I know Pansy is a fussy cow,” he said softly, ignoring her indignant huff, and shrugged. “You’re very welcome to change your order, Potter.”</p><p>“I don’t need your money, Malfoy,” snarled Harry. His chest felt weirdly full, and for the first time in a long time he could feel his blood pumping in his veins. It was unpleasant and unfamiliar. Still, Malfoy was always good for a fight, for all he had avoided Harry these last two years. Malfoy had never backed down from Harry, except now he was standing up, and, oh, he gave a small half-bow to the table at large, and simply walked out of the pub. </p><p>Pansy, Greg and Blaise were a beat behind, Blaise only lingering long enough to murmur a comment about a prior engagement, and snag the now-opened bottle of wine. They hurried out after Malfoy. The silence around the table grew, and Harry looked to Ron for support. He discovered his friend was well into his cups and was just staring at Harry blankly. Hermione however gave him a sharp, disapproving glare which was a deadly combination of Molly and Professor McGonagal. Harry flushed deeply and looked down, abashed. Conversation slowly started up again. No one said anything to Harry, which was not unexpected. His friends didn’t know what to do with him these days, he knew. Hermione sighed and unwrapped her pretty gift. Inside was a luxurious cashmere scarf, in the exact neutral shade which would best suit her dark complexion. She wrapped it around her neck and it looked like she had always owned it. It was perfect. Harry sunk lower into his seat and sculled the rest of his beer, before remembering it was Malfoy who had paid for it.</p>
  </div>
  