
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Draco had come to hate this house. Malfoy Manor was not a place one lived in. It was cold and hostile, just like his parents. When he was a young boy, before the Dark Lord's return only summers ago, Draco had been a prince in his parents' eyes. His father, while unwilling to show affection directly, had given Draco anything. And his mother had done the same with great love besides. But now they seemed not only to become bored upon seeing him but to dislike eachother too. Draco's only recourse, in his own mind, had been to silently and resentfully rebel against them. Essentially, this meant doing whatever it was they didn't want him to do, whatever they had ordered him not to do. And he was good at it, too. He had never been caught; practising magic on the peacocks in  the garden or, when he could aim at one, the servants; flying his broom on the grounds near the muggle road; or, as was his favourite misdemeanour, being that it ran so roughshod over his parents' austere attitudes, masturbating just outside the view of some friend, relative or servant. He loved knowing that, were they to come a step closer, a visitor would see their host's only child in so compromising a position that the embarrassment between the two families would irreparably damage any relationship to be had with them. </p>
<p>Tonight, however, he wanted to try something new. Tonight he would visit the suite of rooms his parents kept from him. He was certain they were keeping the Dark Lord's plans secret from him. There must be some evidence of them in the upper west wing, where his parents' bedroom was. Draco was convinced, given their apparent hatred of one another, his parents were probably sleeping separately by now. How wrong he was... </p>
<p>He crept down the corridor, whispered the spell to unlock the door at the end and slipped into a spacious, moonlit room with a polished wood table in the centre and a large crystal chandelier above. He moved to a large desk in one corner and quickly sorted through the paper in each drawer, looking for something, anything that would give him a clue as to what the Death Eaters were up to. He found nothing. Darting across patches of moonlight, Draco crossed the room and headed down the corridor that connected to the large main room. Off this corridor stood a row of doors. He put a hand to the polished knob of one, began to turn it and halted. He could hear something. A slight snap or, no, clapping noise was drifting from further down the corridor. Draco froze as his heart leapt with excitement. Was someone still awake? Were his mother and father up late and preparing plans for their master? Draco released the door handle and tip-toed toward the sound. A door at the end of the corridor stood ajar. Draco peeped around the edge of the door and nearly cried aloud.</p>
<p>His parents were in the room. Both of them were entirely naked. Lucius' large stiff penis was slamming in and out of Narcissa's vagina as she knelt on the bed, her hands planted in front of her and Lucius stood behind. His long blonde hair swung with the motion of his thrusts but Draco's eyes were on his mother's breasts. These too, large, pale and dripping with sweat swung with the rhythm. Draco was mesmerised by his parents fucking. Without much thought his hand slipped into his pyjama trousers and he began to stroke his already swollen dick at the sight of his father shoving his own into his mother's hot cunt. At once it was almost too much for Draco, he felt orgasm approaching and this time he did cry out. </p>
<p> Lucius's hair caught the moonlight as it whipped round to show Draco his father's livid face. The cold grey eyes of met Draco's and he froze, paralysed with fear. Deliberately, as if daring his son to break the gaze, Lucius withdrew his cock from between Narcissa's legs and stood fully upright. As if adding to his mounting terror Draco took in his father's perfect physique. The man was pale in complexion and his sweat shined body was rippling with tensed muscle. One last but muscle bound arm rose and beckoned the boy forward. Draco, unable to control his own movement, moved forward obediently. Then he noticed his mother again. Narcissa had climbed to the headboard of the bed and had not, as he had expected, robed herself in the silken sheets, but had her legs spread wide. She had a hand rubbing desperately at her own genitals, in full view of Draco. Her other hand was pinching and rubbing at the nipple of one big, sticky breast. He stopped moving for just a moment. Narcissa noticed the shock on his face and drew her hand away to reveal the first vagina Draco had ever seen. His mother's lips were parted and glistening, crowned by a bush of pale hair. The whole area was drenched with juices. Draco, in spite of his fear, felt himself harden desperately. 

</p>
<p> Without warning Draco felt a crashing blow to his head that sent him reeling to the floor. His father stood over him, a terrible fury upon his face. One hand reached down and grasped Draco by the hair and dragged him toward the bed.</p>
<p>To be continued...</p>
  </div>
  