
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Hermione couldn’t believe she hired someone so incompetent. Lucy was a sweet girl yes, but that in no way made up for her lack of regard for time. Hermione threw on a soft red jumper that Molly had knitted for her last Christmas, a pair of denims, a black peacoat, and her favourite Gryffindor scarf. When she was done dressing, she checked her clock, And realizing that the shop was set to open in five minutes, she raced down the stairs to her shop below.<br/>
Hermione didn’t usually work at her shop, instead opting to organize used book donations in the back or do the finances but seeing as Lucy had called in sick for the third time this month, she didn’t really have a choice. exiting the door from the top floor, the wind bit at her face, and she was suddenly thankful for her extra layers, but wishing she had cast a warming charm on herself before she left. Hermione might live in the muggle world, but that by no means meant she did not practice magic anymore, in fact, she had been successful in creating a few new potions in her lab, that were now helping people afflicted with memory charms at St.Mungos. It made her happy to help people, even though it wasn’t in the way that she always thought she would.<br/>
Once Hermione was inside, she flipped over the sign to read Open, and sat down behind the register with her current reading material, a book by Evelyn Cadnickle on the history of potions in ancient Rome. Customers filtered in and out throughout the day. However, despite the occasional sale, Hermione never looked up from her book more than a few times. Her lack of attention led her to miss the entrance and exit of most costumers, and the entrance of a tall white-blonde gentleman was no exception.<br/>
Hermione had finally finished her book. She couldn’t remember enjoying a book on the ancient Romans more, as she usually abhorred most of their techniques. Closing the book and setting it on the counter, her gaze drifted to a head of white-blonde hair. Doing a double-take she realized it was attached to a man, tall, slightly muscular, and dressing in all black, who was facing a bookshelf on poetry. She felt intrigued by him, as he wandered around the shop, occasionally picking up a few books, which just so happened to be some of her favourites. She wanted him to turn around, to see his face, which was undoubtedly handsome, clean-shaven, and-MALFOY?!<br/>
Her thoughts were interrupted by a very tall, and older looking Malfoy standing in front of her, who seemed just as shocked as she did. Her mouth hung slightly open, unable to form a sentence.<br/>
“Granger?” he asked, grey eyes filled with confusion and shock. Hermione blinked as if somehow she had been staring at her book too long and was now seeing visions.<br/>
“I-uhh, hello,” she managed to get out, “What are you doing here?” she knew she sounded vaguely rude, but she was shocked. What in the hell would Malfoy be doing in muggle London? In her bookshop?<br/>
“I live just down the street,” he said, turning his head and pointing, “What are you doing here?” Just when he thought he had escaped the wizarding world, there she was. Hermione. Fucking. Granger. After spending 2 years in France Draco decided it was time to come home and to spend more time with his mother, who had owled him every day since he left begging him to come back. He just wanted to leave, innocent or not, everyone still treated him like a death eater. So, when he reluctantly decided to come back to London, it was only under the condition that he would never have to live at the manor or have to attend wizarding events. He was happy about living in muggle London though, happy with his modest flat, and happy with the area. That is until Granger had to show up and ruin his solitude.<br/>
“I-I own the shop,” she stammered, “and I live just above it.” She was going to see more of him, she knew that. Her solitude in the muggle world was ruined. Hermione felt her mind whirring, memories of the war flooding to the front of her mind. She stopped herself, forcing her occlumency walls in place, as a dull expression flooded her face. Draco looked at her with a curious expression on his face as silence fell between them.<br/>
“do you want me to ring those up for you?” she asked, realizing that he was holding books in his hand, and a hefty black dragonhide wallet.<br/>
“uh-sure,” he said casting his gaze down towards his hand. He had picked out several classics, along with few books of poetry. He had read most of them already, but he didn’t own any copies of them, and he liked to own nice copies of his favourite books.<br/>
“The Picture of Dorian Gray?” she looked at him questioningly, “what an odd choice, one of my favourites though.” It was his favourite too. Hermione had read the book when she was rather young and became infatuated with Dorian’s character and motives. Dark and brooding characters always seemed to intrigue her. She shifted her thoughts away from it, trying to focus on the situation in front of her. When she totaled up the last of the books, Malfoy handed her a black credit card. She stood, slightly shocked at him owning such a muggle possession, and seemingly being so comfortable using it. She must have been starring at it for a while because Malfoy cleared his throat.<br/>
“Do you not accept Credit?” he asked politely. He stood, appraising her distracted eyes that seemed to drift off in thought.<br/>
“No, we do,” she paused, “I just didn’t expect you to use one.” Her curious gaze drifted up to his silver eyes, starring down at her. His face seemed to pale slightly before filling with color.<br/>
“what, big bad death eater can’t use something muggle?” he asked, his voice teetering on the edge of anger. Hermione was regretting saying anything. She should have just taken the card, been quiet, and let him leave. She had never thought of him as a death eater, he was so young after all. They were all too young, and all fighting a war started by centuries of blood prejudice.<br/>
“N-no! of course not!” she stated clearly, “I didn’t think that at all.” Not a total lie she thought to herself, but also not the truth. His face seemed to calm a bit, and his shoulders looked a bit more relaxed. As she swiped the card, he realized he probably shouldn’t have lashed out. He was just so used to stares and snide comments. Even in France, people had caught wind of his actions, and they didn’t see to care too much about his innocence either. Thankfully he stayed mostly in a remote part of France on his family’s vineyard. He spent each and everyday sampling fine wines and trying to get drunk enough to forget the war while staying sober enough so that he wouldn’t do something stupid like write apology letters as he had regrettably done once.<br/>
She handed him back his card, her hand slightly touching his as she handed it back to him. He suddenly felt warm, very warm, was her heating on to high? He ignored it as he grabbed his receipt along with a paper bag full of his books. The bag bore the same odd logo on the outside of the shop. Once Possessed it read, in a fancy calligraphy font with a rune behind it. The more he looked at it, the more it felt familiar. Then he saw it, it was the deathly hallows symbol. He looked up at her, distracted by folding paper bags into a storage cube.<br/>
“Interesting logo,” he commented, her honey eyes drifting around to meet his. Her face seemed a bit flushed, perhaps it was a bit warm in here for her too.<br/>
“Oh, yes, I-uh,” her eyes drifting around the store as though to find an explanation, “it’s a bit of a tribute.” Her eyes softened at the memory of those she used to know.<br/>
“I like it,” he said coolly, facing her, eyes staring straight through her as though he knew exactly what she was thinking, and then he left.<br/>
Hermione released a breath she didn’t even know she was holding. She looked up at the clock and realized closing was in two minutes. Seeing as the store was already empty, she flipped the sign over to say closed and grabbed her coat. She needed a hot bath and some dinner.<br/>
Opening the door to her modest flat, she was greeted by her Crookshanks. She normally let him roam the shop when she worked, but he was sleeping so peacefully this morning she didn’t want to wake him.<br/>
Hermione walked over to her kitchen to get some food for Crookshanks. After putting some tuna in a dish for him, she set on cooking herself some dinner. She had missed breakfast, thanks to her apparent inability to hire competent people, and hadn’t eaten lunch due to her engrossment in her book. Pouring some wine for herself, she turned on the burner to heat some leftover chicken for herself. She was ravenous and practically ate her dinner before even getting it onto the plate. After her meal, she decided a bath was in order, and so pouring herself another glass of red, she turned on the bath knobs to fill her tub. Practically tearing her clothes off she sunk into the warm bubbly water.<br/>
Her brain was still a jumbled mess from the day. She hadn’t seen anyone from the wizarding world besides Harry and Ginny for a good month. Not that she was complaining, she liked her separation and liked not having to worry about what the next Skeeter article would reveal about her personal life. Maybe that’s why Malfoy left, she thought, maybe he didn’t like the publicity either. Hermione remembered the slew of articles that came out after Malfoy was exonerated. High-Level Death Eater Not Charged! Followed by Voldemort’s Right-hand Man Flees After Trial. No wonder he left, Hermione had experienced her fair share of articles speculation on her mental health after the war.<br/>
She thought she could deal with the speculation until one day she just snapped, which of course was splattered on the next mornings Prophet. They had blown it way out of proportion in her mind, so what if she yelled at Ron in public, it was for good reason, he had cheated on her. Yet no one seemed to focus on why she was angry, rather the fact that she had yelled at her Hogwarts sweetheart in front of some junior reporters. She had packed her things that afternoon and spent the night crying in a muggle pub, and finally ending up here.<br/>
Malfoy’s were worse though, depicting him as a cruel death eater who escaped charges and fled the country. She didn’t hold feelings of resentment towards him anymore, they were all just children. They were just children, who were left broken with no glue to hold them together. It was no secret that most people who fought in the war had developed some unhealthy coping mechanisms, most of which involved drugs, sex, and alcohol. Hermione used her occlumency. Instead of dealing with her problems, like she knew she should, she blocked everything out, reading stories, until she drifted further and further from reality. She felt safer that way as if she stayed in the void of her mind, nothing could hurt her.<br/>
Her thoughts kept drifting towards Malfoy, how did he cope? He didn’t seem to be swaying with alcohol consumption, nor delirious with drugs, maybe it was sex. She mentally slapped herself for thinking of it. He wasn’t bad looking though. Before she had seen his face, she was half tempted to ask for his number based on his book choice and stature alone. She had never thought she would be one for casual sex, but sometimes she needed a release. She laughed at herself, she almost asked Draco Malfoy for his number. Sure, he was handsome, he had nice broad shoulders, neatly timed hair, long fingers and-<br/>
Oh, gods! She though Draco Malfoy was attractive. Well, of course, he was attractive, but how could she Hermione Granger find him so. Downing the contents of her glass, she sunk her head beneath the water, trying to escape the reality of her life above the foaming bath bubbles.</p>
<p>Draco felt a breath escape him when the door closed. It was dark now, and there was no sense in exploring the street any further. He tried to keep a steady pace on his way back to his flat, but it ended up more of a kind-of run. Practically sprinting up the stairs, he unlocked his front door, closed it, and pressed his back against the door. Draco closed his eyes, slamming his walls in place.<br/>
He wasn’t prepared to come face to face with his past, to see the very face that had caused most of his agony. Flashes of a stone floor, a silver dagger, and muffled screams flooded his mind. His breath fell heavy with guilt. He needed a drink and a hot shower.<br/>
Staggering to the bare kitchen he grabbed the only glass in his cabinet, and a crystal bottle filled with amber liquid. After pouring a generous glass he strode purposefully into his marble bath. He set down his glass down on the dark countertops and flipped on the shower to the hottest setting. He shed his clothing quickly and grabbed his glass as he hopped in the shower, careful to hold his drink out of the steaming jets.<br/>
The water was hot, too hot, but that was the point. He wanted to numb his mind, and if it took flaying his other senses, that’s what he would do. His skin reddened at the searing water pouring onto him, and his arm stung as he clawed his nails into the mark on his forearm. Once he no longer felt the heat overwhelming his senses, he downed his glass and turned the nob in the opposite direction.<br/>
Freezing water blasted him, but his mind was still full of things he would rather forget, things he could never apologize enough for. Years of repressed memories surfaced to his mind. It was all too much, too much for him to handle, too much for him to occlude from his mind. His heart beat heavily against his chest.<br/>
Stepping out of the shower, he grabbed a towel and made his way to his bedroom. He rummaged through his nightstand to find a distraction for his thoughts. Finally, he found a vial of dreamless sleep potion. Downing it in one go, he laid on his bed, waiting for sleep to come.</p>
  </div>
  