
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harry potter the man who killed lord Voldemort  found himself on day 31 of being chained naked and broken inside a unknown dungeon rather then warm and safe inside the walls of Hogwarts. every movement he made caused his bruised  bloodied body to scream in utter agony. Harry tried to remember how he had ended up in this utter hell. The smell of strong rain bouncing off the dirt of the forbidden forest his friends calling his name desperately as they searched for him amongst the chaos. The bitter taste of wet dirt filling his mouth as two unknown death eaters held him down and raped him. Their long hard cocks literally ripping his body in two. Harry remembered wishing that that would be it. That after they had violated him they would have left him there in the smoldering forest having had taken Revenge for their fallen leader. when had things ever been that easy for harry? Instead he found himself taken captive as a living plaything for a group of jaded death eaters. The group consisted of 4 men and 2 women they where the evilest son of bitches harry had ever had the displeasure of meeting. Even Voldemort had never hurt harry quite as bad in all those years he had chased him. They had managed  to do much worse to Harry then he did in the matter of a month. Sometimes they would individually take turns visiting harry to enjoy what they called “a little one on one play time”. Other times groups of them would visit harry and spend hours torturing him at a time. He preferred when the woman would visit him. Not because he preferred woman violating him. no he was very much gay, he preferred them because the torment they provided for harry was rarely of the sexual kind. Stabs, burns, broken bones, and other general abuse Harry could handle. They could break every single one of his fingers and he'd still be able to handle it. It was the soul breaking rape he had to experience every day that truly broke the boy who lived. </p>
<p>The days had long sense started to meld together in Harrys mind minutes where hours, hours minutes, days where weeks, and weeks where a blink of a eye he didn’t see a end in sight. Convinced he would die in a puddle of his own blood, bodily fluids, and death eater cum before someone would bother to find him. What would the wizarding world think of their precious fucken savior when they saw him broken and bloated. dead before he finally got to live his life with out them commanding him to murder a man to save their sorry hides?</p>
<p>On the 31st day of his captivity one of the 4 male death eaters entered the room with a sadistic chuckle. Harry weakly looked up his head feeling like a pain based pile of bricks. He stared at the death eater with his non swollen eye noting that he didn’t have anything in his hands other then a wand. “N-nooo” Harry weakly choked out trying to crawl away from the man. only a wand meant  one thing. He was about to be fucked while his rapist cast the    Cruciatus curse on him. it was one of their most common games. His pleading was only met with a chuckle. The man grabbed a fist full of his hair pulling him up sharply to look into his face.”potter.. Are you ready for some fun? I cant wait to watch you scream and flail while my fat cock rips your delicious ass open.” the man purred while watching his eyes. What ever he saw there must have excited him because he kissed harry on the cheek and moved to where he was behind harry. never once breaking his firm hold on his matted hair. It felt like his scalp was going to peel back off his head. the sound of hair slowly breaking loose and heavy panting filled the air around them. Panic bubbled up in Harry like bile threatening to be spewed all over the filthy dungeon cell. The sound of a zipper, the pressing of a very hard angry cock at a very swollen asshole, and then something Harry had only dared to dream about happened a angel burst into the room. The metal door crashed against the wall with a deafening sound. Causing Harry to be released. He feel heavily onto the ground only able to hold his head up to look at where the door that had trapped Harry in this hell had stood forever taunting.  In its place stood a very pissed off Severus Snape. He looked positively angelic. Like a spurned god in all its powerful glory. His pale skin covered in the bright red of Harrys tormenters. Black robes billowing around him like angel wings. Eyes on fire with maddening fury. The last thing Harry heard before he allowed himself to finally rest was Severus’s voice dripping with rage yell the killing curse. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard. </p>
<p>A week had passed before Harry could open his eyes again. He had to squint against the blinding light of Hogwarts infirmary. A ting of pain in his face caused images of the past month flash before Harrys eyes. The panic welled up inside him again causing him to lean over the side of the bed and vomit violently.<br/>
“Madam Pomfrey! Harrys awake! Please come quickly I think somethings wrong!”<br/>
“Her..Hermione?” He didn’t even recognize his own voice it cracked and failed while he tried to croak out one of his best friends names. Two strong hands wrapped around his own.<br/>
“Me too mate” Ron…<br/>
Harry leaned back in the bed his body trembling with silent sobs.  he was home he was finally really home. Pomfrey bustled over running her wand over Harry. her mouth twisted into a severe line as she went over the results. Harry felt he was never so glad to see her fussing over him before.<br/>
“He’s still got a lot of internal and external damage. But I don’t think a potions induced coma is necessary any longer. According to my results as long as Mister Potter keeps up with his potions and rests he should be up and running again in a few weeks” Hermione was crying softly and Ron breath out a breath he hadn’t known he had been holding.<br/>
“However you will have a lot of damage I simply can not heal. Nothing you wont learn how to live with. It will take time but you can still have a very fulfilling life and complete your final year of school if you so choose.” </p>
<p>Harry nodded solemnly he hadn’t expected to get out of those dungeons alive let alone unscathed. A little Permanent damage was not a heavy price to pay for his life at all. Another student called for Pomfrey causing her to rush away. His hands shook violently in his friends. he had to swallow thickly to keep the bile from rising up in his throat again.<br/>
“Harry here” Hermonie was pressing a potions vial into the hand she had been occupying with her own a second ago. He downed it with out a second thought. Never once thinking she could give him anything to harm him. A rush of calm spread throughout his body. The trembling became a barely noticeable shake. “Th-tha-th” he swallowed again trying to make the words come out. It had been so long sense he had to use his vocal cords to do anything but scream and plead. “Th-th-tha..y-y-yo-y-y” Hermione shook her head in a fury of curls and pulled out a quill and a thick note book setting it on Harrys lap. She pressed a finger to his lips silently asking him to stop trying to talk.<br/>
“ Your vocal cords where severely damaged..so I I charmed this quill to write what ever you want it to by thinking. so that you don’t strain yourself to much.”<br/>
Harry nodded thankful for his friend and her charming way of always being able to find a solution to the problems in his life. He concentrated on the quill. Soon he had it scratching out words on the first page of the notebook.</p>
<p>How long till I can talk again. </p>
<p>“We don’t know harry” Hermione looked like she was gonna cry again so Ron took over explaining for her “mate Pomfreys not sure if you’ll be able to talk properly ever again…”<br/>
Harry nodded again staring down blankly. </p>
<p>I need a hug</p>
<p>He couldn’t convey the words he wanted to properly maybe he didn’t want to. a overwhelming sense of loss and dread filled him to the very core. In that moment wrapped in his best friends arms Harry Potter weeped not because of the torment he had suffered or the things he had lost as a result, but because he was alive.</p>
<p>~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~<br/>
The night the forbidden forrest went up into flames Severus Snape Hogwarts most hated potions master had just been released from the infirmary. It had been weeks sense the final battle. Weeks sense Harry Potter had held him on the shrieking shacks filthy floor and begged him to live. Maybe it had been fate, divine intervention that had spared his life. Severus was sure it was just Potters blasted dumb luck.<br/>
It wasn’t that he wasn’t grateful for the boy. Had he not shoved that bezoar down his throat there was no doubt in Severus’s mind that he would have died there before the mediwitches could have reached him. But as it is old habits died hard. Severus had a hard time wrapping his mind around the man Harry had become. no longer did he fit into the mold Severus’s mind had originally conjured for him. He was neither his father or his mother. But his own person a strong outspoken hero. During the restoration process the forrest caught flames.?the golden trio along with the helping professors ran towards the forrest ready to defend Hogwarts a second time. Rain was falling down from the sky in thick drops making combat semi difficult if not just annoying. Harry had been fighting along side Severus and Hermione when with a loud clash of thunder and lightning he and the death eaters where gone. A overwhelming sense of panic filled them all they searched for hours the only trace Harry had even been there to begin with was his wand laying on the forrest floor. Even now Severus greatly resented his injuries. it took him weeks to find a book that lead him to a old tracking spell. If he had been quicker… </p>
<p>In the bed Harry twitched in his sleep. interrupting the potions master from his thoughts. Hermione and Ron had left hours before Severus took over his nightly vigil over Harry. It wasn’t like he didn’t have better things to be doing then watching Potter sleep, but he felt a deep sense of obligation and guilt for having not gotten to him sooner. The least he could do for him now was make sure he had a safe sleep. Once Harry had settled down again Severus stared blankly at the book in his lap letting his mind wonder back to just how he had found Potter.</p>
<p>Severus cast the complicated spell over Harrys wand. Not letting himself bask in the triumphant feeling when it succeed in telling him the exact location of Harrys whereabouts. He spun on his heal appertaining to a death eater hideaway he vaguely remembered from the war. It looked simple enough a modest 2 story house deep in the countryside. Of course the inside was a whole other story. The basement had been retrofitted with a number of holding cells used in frankly violent interrogation sessions. Quickly Severus steeled himself for a fight bursting threw the front door in a furry of billowing robs and Barely contained anger. Two woman sat on a rugged sofa seemingly relaxing for the evening with a bottle of wine. It was great luck that they had drank most of the bottle by the time Severus showed up. Their dueling was subpar at best. Severus casted a few slicing hex’s effortlessly dodging their counter attacks. Soon enough they where laying on the ground in puddles of blood. The commotion had summoned one of the males. That dual had been more of a challenge. They danced around each other for minutes casting spells back and forth slowly destroying the room around them. It wasn’t till the death eater casted a Cruciatus at him that Severus ducked rolling out of the way that he got the winning hand. With his non wand hand. He grabbed a large piece of Rubble and threw it at the mans head. In the moments of stunned silence he cast a strong slicing spell and ran out of the room down the stairs to the holding cells. He had blasted the doors off of 3 of the 5 cells before he got to the one containing Harry. What he saw there was going to give him nightmares for years to come. The once strong man was chained to the floor of a filthy room completely naked. His body was beyond broken. His left leg twisted at a odd angle under the death eaters own. Every inch of Harrys skin had large purple bruises or cuts. The left half of his face was swollen. no doubt his nose and cheek bone where broken. Even his hands had not been spared. each one seemed to be broken, twisted at sickening angles. Pure bubbling rage filled Severus to his core his vision flashing red. The clanging of the door against the wall started the man and Harry they both looked up at him suddenly. That was when he noticed just what the death eater was preparing to do to the boy who lived. It was the pleading broken look harry gave him apon seeing his savor that caused Severus to lift up his wand casting the killing curse on the death eater. He swooped into the room blasting the chains off of Harry gingerly lifting him up carrying him out of the hell hole he had been kept prisoner in for 31 days. </p>
<p>Severus shook himself out of his thoughts when his wand buzzed to alert him to the time. He would have to go to his own chambers now. Pomfrey had been very admit that he not stay all night long. He needed rest himself from his old injuries. He downed a vile of sleeping drought and let sleep claim him once more.</p>
  </div>
  