
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>A/N- Here it is, my new story! I tell you, I struggled with a name for this story and couldn't come up with anything better. Then it became a problem because I couldn't figure out if it was "prophesy" or "prophecy". Thank goodness for Google! Anyways, I know this first chapter isn't going to be the longest, but I should have the next up in a day or so. Happy reading, my lovelies! 

Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters so far in this story. Even though I've never personally read a story quite like this one, I'm sure something similar has been done before. 

Chapter 1 

Prologue 
November 3, 1979 

Severus steepled his hands under his chin as he sat at the table in his dining room at Spinner's End. He knew he could afford better accommodations, he had the Prince fortune at his complete beck and call if he so chose. He simply didn't see the point. He was rarely home and when he was, all he did was sleep. As much as he hated to admit it, most of his time was spent pillaging and spreading terror in the name of the Dark Lord. 

He was certain that he had found a family with the Death Eaters. He had been excited to join their ranks after Lily had cut him from her life. He wanted the same closeness he had with her, but with someone that would return his feelings, even if it was in a non-romantic way. He had been sorely disappointed, however. The Death Eaters were a cutthroat group that cared nothing for their fellow brothers. It was an every man for himself situation that Severus was somewhat accustomed to because of the Slytherin common room, but overall was disappointed in. 

Dumbledore had sent him an owl and told him that they needed to meet. These meetings usually didn't mean good things for him since Dumbledore wanted information or for him to complete some task that would get him killed. Severus had turned spy for the Order at the beginning of August. He didn't like the rape, torture, or murder that he was forced to commit under the Dark Lord's orders, but he had learned to cope with it. Until the end of July, however. 

Severus had been sent on a mission to apprehend the Bones family. Amelia Bones was an up and coming Auror, in fact, it was passed along that she would someday be in line for the head of the D.M.L.E. The Dark Lord had decided to be preemptive and try to woo Amelia to his side. A department head in his pocket would have been very helpful to the cause. Severus had been leading the mission and had managed to secure Edgar Bones and his wife, along with their five children. His "brothers" held them all at wand point until Amelia had arrived for dinner. When Severus had delivered the Dark Lord's ultimatum, Amelia had not broken or swayed to their side even a little. She had spit on his robes and told him to burn in hell. 

Even though their orders had been to bring all the Bones back if she didn't accept the offer, Selwyn and Jugson had started killing the hostages. Severus had done everything he could to save some of them, he knew that the Dark Lord would surely kill them all if he lost the opportunity before them. However, when Severus had finally restrained his counterparts, everyone but the youngest daughter was dead. Amelia ran forward, snatched the tiny infant girl, and disappeared with a pop. 

Selwyn and Jugson had paid dearly for their actions. Both had lost their wives to being victims of a revel due to their ignorance. When the Dark Lord had viewed the memories of the event, he had seen Severus' actions trying to stop the disaster from happening. Even though it still earned his Master's displeasure, his punishment wasn't nearly as severe. A muggle girl that could have been Lily's twin was brought in. Severus had been ordered to rape, torture, and kill the young girl, despite the fact that she couldn't have been more than sixteen. Even though Severus had complied with his Master's wishes and inflicted the complete and utter pain and humiliation upon the girl, he knew he was done. He had left the Dark Lord's presence and immediately gotten sick. 

His vomiting had lasted hours and when he was finished, he knew exactly what he would do. He had decided to go to Dumbledore and beg for mercy, beg for him to hide him away from the Dark Lord. The meeting hadn't gone quite like he had wished. Dumbledore had been more than amenable to helping the Slytherin, but he had wanted the man to spy for him in return. Severus had almost turned it down, but in the end had agreed. Even though Lily was already married to his greatest enemy, he hoped the fact that he was a spy would greatly impress her. All the witches in Slytherin House had discussed that their romance novels always contained a brave hero that saved the day and won the witch. That was what he wanted most in the world. 

Lily had been impressed. 

She had smiled at him again and told him how unbelievably brave he was. Then she had backed away and returned to Potter. Even though that wasn't what he wanted, it was a good start. He was sure that Dumbledore wanted to speak of the prophecy again. He had overheard the prophecy being told by the crazy bint Trelawney through the door at the Hogshead during her interview with Dumbledore. He wasn't sure what Dumbledore's fascination with it was, but he assumed that it had to do with the fact that he had told the Dark Lord. 

Severus heaved a deep sigh and stood from the table. He might as well get the meeting out of the way. Who knew who he would possibly see while he was there. He made his way into his back yard, the rancid smells that he associated with Spinner's End and Cokeworth drifting on the breeze. He didn't bother to lock his home since the wards around it kept it from being seen or touched by anyone he didn't deem fit. He disappeared with a near-silent pop. He appeared at Hogwart's gates. They opened immediately for him which meant that Dumbledore was waiting for him, probably impatiently. 

He strode through the gates and made his way towards the castle. It took him several minutes before he reached the Entrance Hall and he didn't hesitate in opening them wide to enter. It was well after midnight so there shouldn't be any students out of bed to see his arrival. Severus wasted no time in heading for the second floor where Dumbledore's office was located. The griffin that guarded the Headmaster's office leapt out of the way at his arrival, another indicator that Dumbledore was waiting on him. He sniffed imperiously at the statue as he entered the office. 

Dumbledore's office had always annoyed him. It was cram-packed full of trinkets and gizmos that had no use whatsoever. While he was sure that it was whimsical and guests to the office were made to feel dreamy, Severus found it highly impractical. Dumbledore stood from behind his desk and graciously offered one of the seats in front of his desk. 

"Please sit, Severus. We have a matter of utmost importance to discuss." Severus didn't speak, just merely nodded as he took the seat offered him. Dumbledore gestured towards the candy dish on his desk. 

"Lemon drop with our tea?" A tea service appeared in front of them and Dumbledore leaned forward to serve them. Severus shook his head as he took the tea offered to him. 

"No, Headmaster." Dumbledore chuckled softly. 

"Enough of that Headmaster business. We're colleagues now so it's Albus." Severus nodded as he took a sip. The tea was deliciously hot and pooled in his stomach, the warmth spreading to his chilled limbs. 

"What was so urgent, Albus?" The Headmaster heaved a deep sigh and set his teacup down. He steepled his fingers underneath his chin in much the same pose as Severus had held earlier that night. When he spoke, his voice was more tired than Severus had ever heard it. 

"I have to take her, Severus. I can't leave her where she's at." Severus startled at his words. Why did Dumbledore think he had the right to move her? His features hardened and his voice became steel. "What makes you think you need to move her?" Dumbledore sighed again and for some reason, this irritated Severus to no end. He would willingly admit that the Headmaster was almost always right, but that didn't mean that he couldn't make mistakes. Dumbledore looked at his lap abd began to massage his temples with his withered hands. 

"Do you trust me, Severus?" He already knew he wasn't going to like the answer he was going to get. He raked his hand through his shoulder-length black hair, a rare show of emotion that he normally didn't allow himself. 

"Yes, Albus, I do trust you. That doesn't mean I don't want an answer." Dumbledore gave him a small smile. 

"I know you do, Severus, but trust me when I say I can't tell you. It's far too important for it to be leaked in a moment of torture when your shields may inadvertently drop." Severus hung his head. He had had a feeling that the Headmaster might say something like that. He resigned himself to the fact that Dumbledore was going to do what he wanted regardless of what Severus said or did. 

"What will you do with her?" Dumbledore began to run his fingers through the length of his long beard. 

"I have a family chosen for her. They've agreed to take her in. I'll place glamours on her that can't be broken unless her magic deems it necessary or she comes of age." Severus once again heaved a deep sigh. 

"Do I get any say in this decision?" Dumbledore gave him a kindly smile. "You know you can't, Severus. The less you know the better." He felt his heart clench at exactly what this meant. He lowered his face so his long hair would fall in a curtain, hiding the pained expression on his face. 

"Will they treat her well? Will they love her as she deserves?" Dumbledore nodded as he spoke. 

"I swear it, Severus. I'll swear it on my magic." He raised his head to meet the Headmaster's gaze. 

"See that you make sure of it. If I discover otherwise, I'll kill them and not feel the tiniest amount of remorse." Dumbledore nodded as he stood, indicating the conversation was over. 

"I understand, Severus. That was all I needed to discuss with you for the time being. I hate to kick you out, but I still have another Order member coming in to meet with me." Severus stood and made his way to the door. At the last second he turned and made eye contact one last time. 

"She is my world, Albus. Don't make me regret this." The older man nodded, but didn't speak. 

Severus saw himself out of the office and out of Hogwarts entirely. He was numb when he finally reached the gates. With a deep breath, he disappeared with a pop. Severus was now in the worst mood imaginable. He slammed the door wide open and went straight to the cabinet. With a growl, he withdrew two bottles of firewhiskey. Without a second thought to anything else going on his life, he cracked open the seal to the first bottle and took a long drink. Severus was going to spend the next several hours drowning his heartbreak in firewhiskey, Dumbledore and the Dark Lord be damned. 

A/N- There she is, kids. The next chapter will be out in a day or two, but after that I make no guarantee on a definitive update schedule. I'm going to shoot for once every week or two, but my life's about to get crazy. Daughter is getting ready to have foot surgery, I'll be picking up extra hours at work, and am going to be hosting a welcome home party for my friend coming home from deployment. Have patience with me y'all! Next chapter we meet Hermione and the ball gets to rolling. Leave me your thoughts, I love them so. 

Love, 

Alicia</p>
  </div>
  