
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>“Fine,” Albus said, angry but still in perfect control, “Fine. If you think you know best then you can care for her. You can see how it feels to be the one responsible for everything,”</p>
<p>Gellert stood behind him like a dark shadow for all that he looked like a sculpted blonde angel, standing by the door, as if he had only just entered or was just about to leave. As if he had no real part in the family drama unfolding in front of his eyes. As if he hadn’t played a role in instigating it, as if his presence hadn’t acted as a catalyst. Behind Aberforth stood Ariana, hovering awkwardly in the doorway between the hallway the brothers stood in and the living room, drawn to investigate the sounds of anger. She shrunk away from the raised voices, unused to her brothers arguing in front of her so openly, unaware that it had been a long time since the two brothers had held a cordial conversation without it descending into bad tempered disagreement, the facade of agreeability that was strained and cracked being just a show for her benefit. They had both struggled to act as if things were alright around her, both talking to her and trying their best not to distress her despite their two differing opinions constantly pulling her in opposite directions. Each one convinced they knew best, contradicting the other and constantly being on the verge of coming to blows. </p>
<p>Aberforth glared at his brother, crossing his arms defiantly. A part of him didn’t believe that Albus would actually leave Ariana to his care, no matter that he believed he could look after their sister better. A part of him wanted Albus to just go away, to stop being a constant bad-tempered presence lingering round the family home, his resentment at having to care for their sister permeating his every action. It would be easier for Ariana without the two brothers fighting all the time, savage words behind closed doors. It would be easier for everyone with Gellert away from them all, Albus’s dissatisfaction with the situation seeming to only increase with their constant contact. But Gellert remained, a constant shadow over the house. And despite his clear reluctance, his desperation to leave, Albus too remained, making it clear to everyone how much he hated it. How much he blamed them all for keeping him there, weighed down by a responsibility he didn’t want, a responsibility that he shirked as much as he could, preferring to read obscure books and discuss political philosophy with Gellert, his family a ball and chain that kept him bound unwillingly to the house. </p>
<p>“I can do so much more than this,” Albus continued, as if now he had started finally speaking his mind all of his fury at being limited to his role as carer for an ungrateful brother and oblivious sister he was unable to stop, “With Gellert I could change the world, for the better. For everyone. A bright and wonderful future for all. But here, I am limited to this life that is barely worth living, doing nothing but fighting you over every irrelevant issue you raise with no reason except to constantly distract me. There’s nothing more I can do for Ariana, she’s never going to get better. I would be doing more good if I could be free to create a new world order where she would be safe, but I can’t even read here. I can’t do anything here except rot away, wasting my potential and allowing the world to continue to slide towards destruction. Well, I am done now. You can have the house and everything that comes with it. You can be responsible for everything, take care of Ariana however you wish. Hide away, the two of you in perpetual ignorance, playing with the goats that rival you for intellect. I’m leaving, with Gellert, to do what I can to create a perfect world,”</p>
<p>Ariana flinched, not so much from the words that she mostly tuned out, but from the tone. She had always been sensitive to arguing, something they had tried to shield her from. She had always been unpredictable and unstable in her reactions too, a constant loose canon since the incident. Her eyes flickered from brother to brother, her lips parted as she clung to the doorframe beside her as if hoping for its protection against what might unfold. Aberforth felt nothing but fury, anger making his fists shake. He almost felt like cursing his brother and the German who lingered in the shadows, the instigator and catalyst but only in that he had allowed the problems that had bubbled beneath the surface to be dragged out into the light. He was almost speechless, unable to say anything, overwhelmed by the sea of emotions that nearly drowned him.</p>
<p>That hallway had seen far too many arguments, both vicious yelling and quiet, whispered words of anger. Aberforth could barely remember the last time he had looked at Albus with anything other than anger, and he likewise the last time Albus had looked at him with anything other than pure contempt seemed so long ago that it could easily be fiction, a false memory invented to make their childhood seem better by comparison to their present. Even their most basic conversations, kept as devoid of anything but the necessity of communication, boiled with irritation and the division that was tearing them apart. </p>
<p>“Go then,” Aberforth said, the words almost choking him as he said them, barely able to keep himself calm enough to speak. Barely able to prevent himself from drawing his wand on his brother and starting a duel in front of their guest and their sister. He clamped down on his anger as best he could, restraining himself. He could hold himself in check for Ariana, at least briefly. If Albus continued his ranting, then eventually Aberforth would snap. He had never been as eloquent with words, preferring to settle matters quickly with action rather than the excessively complex theorising Albus would do.  It was just another manner in which the two brothers were like cheese and chalk, similar in appearance and their professed love for their little sister, but nothing more. </p>
<p>For a moment, Aberforth thought that they would come to blows, whether it be magical curses that brothers should never exchange or the undignified muggle brawling that they might have indulged in as children, only now with a savage edge. Physically, Aberforth knew he had the upper hand, though he knew without a doubt that Albus would know all sorts of nasty spells he had never encountered before, read in one of his obscure texts. There was a tension and a charge to the air, as if sparks of magic could almost be seen, the emotions soaring. He wondered if they would both survive, should it come to that, and if so which it would be that was left standing. He wondered if he would be unable to keep a hold of his temper and fight in front of Ariana, if Albus would even care about their sister that had for so long held him back. In a way it felt as if he was seeing Albus with new eyes, as if after all of the bad temper and resentment it had taken until that moment of fury to finally acknowledge that they were now brothers only in blood, that Albus was no longer a part of the family, that the family that lived isolated in Godric’s Hollow consisted solely of him and Ariana. </p>
<p>But then Albus turned, barely glancing at Ariana as he walked to the door. The heat of his glare left Aberforth, the hallway suddenly feeling empty and bereft as the hot fury that had ignited between them dissipated. Aberforth almost felt as if he might collapse, the tension leaving him so abruptly as he watched his brother leave, never looking back. It was Gellert who did that, leaving behind Albus, his glance lingering on the two of them before he too swept from the house.</p>
<p>Frightened, unused to such displays of temper, Ariana sidled up to Aberforth, and he drew her into a hug. It would be better this way, he knew. Albus was becoming increasingly more resentful of poor Ariana, treating her as if she was an obstacle standing in his way rather than a darling longer sister to be cared for. She might not be an easy sister to have, after the incident, but she was still their sister. Nothing could ever change that.</p>
<p>He stroked softly through her golden curls, murmuring soothingly to her, relieved to feel her relax in his arms. It would be easier with just the two of them, he thought. He was happy to live a simple, quiet life. He was happy to fill their home with animals to tend to, which would soothe Araina when she became distressed. She liked feeding and stroking the goats, and he saw no reason why that shouldn’t be encouraged. Other animals, smaller and more well trained, could also provide the same level of comfort to her. He had no interest in the things that had always inspired Albus, caring nothing for prestige or revolution, no interest in intellectual pursuits or experiments. Albus could go and spend some time living in Europe as a penniless revolutionary, dreaming his big dreams. Eventually he was bound to come back, his tail between his legs, and beg for their forgiveness. Aberforth hoped he would take his sweet time over that, as he didn’t want to see his brother again for a long time.</p>
<p>He wanted to finally have a chance to take care of Ariana properly, not as if she were a chore to be dealt with, but with the love and devotion that he thought she deserved as their sister. He wanted to be able to show that his ideas and methods would be better than the frustrated resentment with which Albus had approached everything. He was happy for the two of them to be isolated in their home, emerging only for walks in the meadows behind the house or for occasional trips to the shops when necessary. It didn’t matter that she was difficult or that she had her bad moments, what mattered to him was the good moments. </p>
<p>Outside, Albus stormed away from the home that had become a prison, finally free. He could almost feel the weight lifting from him, the worry of petty responsibilities leaving him in favour of the sense of responsibility he had towards the world as a whole. He knew that he should find the idea of revolution, of taking on the world and bringing about monumental reform, to be the harder of the two, but it was as if it was what he had been born to do. He could almost see the future unravelling before his eyes, bright and full of potential, welcoming him and drawing him headfirst into a worthy struggle. For the first time in a long time, he finally felt truly inspired, no longer the frustrated desire brought on by reading but the sensation that finally he could act upon all he had learnt. </p>
<p>Gellert caught up to him, a gentle hand touching his back, a thrill of enthusiasm for all that was to come running through them both. There was a moment of uncertainty as they both looked at each other, the future completely open now. It would be hard, an uphill fight against the establishment, but they would face it. No longer were they bound to whispering their thoughts so as to not disturb Ariana, no longer was it all theoretical dreams that could never be implemented. Now they were on the cusp of greatness, able to stride forth into the wider world and change it for the better. They had the knowledge, the power and the passion to revolutionise the wizarding world, for the greater good.</p>
  </div>
  