
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>With shaking hands, Draco reached for the quill. He could hear the Aurors behind him laughing snidely. They expected him to use his one owl to contact a lawyer, some corrupt and expensive stuffed shirt worthy of the Malfoys. But the old Malfoy lawyers had all been brought to heel in this post-Voldemort world, and none of Draco’s old guard would be able to help him. Draco sniffed. It was bloody cold down here, though he was sure the Aurors planned to warm him up via a harsh beating as soon as there was no chance of him bleeding on the parchment.</p>
<p>He had been using Blaise Zabini for his legal work of late, what little there was, and Blaise had been able to keep a small London townhouse for Narcissa. The rest of their English properties were seized as ‘reparations’, and Draco hadn’t been foolish enough to clarify that this still left the Malfoys very, very rich. He and Narcissa had kept their heads down for the last five years, living simply and quietly in their little home while they waited for Draco’s five-year travel ban to end. But they had plenty of property elsewhere on the continent, and Muggle holdings too. Lucius wasn’t so far gone as all that, by the end. He knew Azkaban was coming and that he would likely not survive it. Under the Dark Lord’s very nose, he and Draco squirreled away the vast Malfoy fortunes into Muggle banks. Once this was all over, Draco thought bracingly, he and Mother would quietly take their leave of England. Their Greek island remained untouched, their vineyards in France, that charming chateau in Switzerland. However, he would never see any of it if he didn’t survive the next twenty-four hours with his captors. The Aurors had been investigating dark wizard activity in London, and decided to sweep Draco into their search on no evidence at all. But evidence, and whatever Blaise could do for him, would take time. They would have beaten him senseless by then, and worse too, judging by the leering and sexual comments from some of them.</p>
<p>At twenty-three, Draco was prettier than he had ever been. Quiet living agreed with him, as well as the routine of his humble job as a clerk in the ministry. He had no doubt that his rehabilitation back into society was partly because of his elegant good looks, even if the larger part of it was due to Harry Potter. Potter spoke for him at the trials, raining fire and brimstone on the Wizengamot who wanted to put away a boy of eighteen for life. Potter wouldn’t stand to see Draco spend a single day in Azkaban, and his rage that day had shaken the very bedrock of that subterranean room. With plaster flaking off the walls, the Wizengamot hadn’t felt Draco was important enough to risk angering the powerful young wizard. They had thought Potter would have something to say for everyone, but after he spoke for Draco and Narcissa, Potter simply left. They sentenced Lucius to life imprisonment. When he eventually sickened and died in Azkaban a year later, his body was transferred back to the Malfoys for a quiet burial. Potter came to the funeral, carrying a bouquet of lilies for Narcissa, and one of white roses for Draco. He had informed Draco that there was a job for him as a clerk in the ministry legal department. Draco arrived to his post a week later to find himself working for Hermione Granger. He said not a word, but put his head down and worked hard. Three years later he and Granger were not friends, but he knew she appreciated his intelligence and work ethic, and she was kind enough not to treat him as badly as she had a right to. In turn, he lent his discretion to the numerous peccadillos that she quietly covered up for Potter.</p>
<p>Potter’s time in the Auror corps was punctuated by violence and anger, and his customary disregard for rules. Several dark wizards met their end at Potter’s hand – if not in actual death, then certainly in being permanently incapacitated. When he learned to drain magic out of wizards, leaving them no better than squibs, Hermione and Ron had stepped in and forced Potter to leave the Aurors. They said that continually putting himself in danger was making it even harder for Potter to leave the war behind. Draco could have told them that years earlier, when he had watched Potter cow the entire Wizengamot on nothing more than the strength of his word and power. Still, no one had asked him then, and no one asked him now. Leaving Potter without anything to do wouldn’t work either, he knew that, but they were only now realising it. Potter threw himself into partying, sleeping around, drinking and drugging around the clock, and generally doing his best to destroy himself. Hermione would arrive to work with dark circles under her eyes, and there would be blind items in the papers that even Draco’s contacts and Slytherin wiles could not silence.</p>
<p>The last episode had been only days previous, and Draco sincerely hoped Potter was conscious and lucid, for he was Draco’s only chance of getting out of this hellhole with his virtue intact. He dipped the cheap quill into watery ink and began to write.</p>
<p>“Potter,</p>
<p>I regret to inform you that your old colleagues in the Auror department have detained me in the ministry holding cells for suspected Dark activity. You and I both know the likelihood of my actually participating in Dark rituals under Granger’s nose and getting away with it is extremely unlikely. Moreover I spent this past weekend babysitting your godson, Edward. Mother and Aunt Andromeda are on a spa weekend in Bath. The Aurors broke down Aunt Andromeda’s wards and I was barely able to push Teddy through the Floo to Molly Weasley before they dragged me away. He was terrified but I am confident he is at least safe. The same cannot be said for myself. There is no passage to Azkaban on Sunday nights but I am assured of my trip there tomorrow morning. I am also assured of a thorough beating and more, judging by how free Auror Pendleton has been with fondling my person.</p>
<p>Potter, please, I implore your help.</p>
<p>Draco Malfoy”</p>
<p>Draco looked over his letter and wondered whether he had laid it on too thick? But then, it was nothing more than the truth. Teddy had been entrusted to him because Andromeda felt that Potter was too erratic these days, and indeed Potter showed no sign of even knowing she had left town. Draco and Teddy had had a lovely weekend, including a trip to Hamleys in Muggle London. Draco had just got his young cousin into a brand-new dragon onesie, ready for bed, when he felt the Aurors breaking down the wards on Andromeda’s home. He immediately Flooed Molly Weasley and tossed the wailing child through. That was all he had time for, before the Auror wards clamped around the house and he was trapped.</p>
<p>Draco tied his letter to the leg of the ancient, sleepy owl which had been provided to him. He honestly didn’t know if the beast would be able to carry the letter out of the door let alone across London to Mayfair. He quickly winkled a lozenge out of his pocket, a sort of Pepper-Up sweetie of his own devising that he used on days when nightmares of the war had kept him awake at night. The owl perked up at the proffered treat and greedily gobbled it down before the Aurors noticed. In seconds the little bird was puffing his feathers and generally acting like a chirpy young owlet. He zoomed out of the door at great speed and Draco hoped the potion would keep him going until he reached Potter. Draco slipped a lozenge into his own mouth for good measure, and turned to face Pendleton leering over him. In moments he had been dragged to a back cell, and he curled into himself and prepared to be beaten.</p>
  </div>
  