
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Lily opened the box with a sigh. She’d been meaning to do this for ages, going on years. She always put it off though. No matter how much she knew she ought to do it, the prospect of clearing out her old things stored in the various boxes under her bed promised to be a long, boring process. She’d had this one since secondary school, she imagined. She’d just shoved it under her bed when she moved into her flat after university and given it no further consideration. She’d never been back to Cokeworth once her parents had died, and she’d long since lost contact with Petunia. In many ways it was a shame. One day she’d write her sister a letter, she promised herself once again. She thought that a lot now. They’d both been young. Whatever had it been that they’d argued about so much, she wondered. Did she even have Petunia’s address or had she moved, that would be a question that she’d have to face too. Maybe after a trip down memory lane and her teenage years at Cokeworth Comprehensive she might feel like trying to find some way of contacting her sister. It must be close to twenty years since they’d last spoken.</p>
<p>Sad, in a way. She was thirty-eight, and almost entirely alone. She had friends, but none of them close. People she knew from work, people she would go for the occasional drink with, but no one she would consider to be a true friend. No family. She didn’t even have any pets. At least she enjoyed her research, even if the topic of the folk tales of ancient English was too obscure for most. She loved pouring over old books about magic, legends about dragons and faerie queens, but some of it could be quite dry. It could be a part of the reason she was still single.</p>
<p>She felt that the time was right to finally go through it though, a task delayed over the years suddenly seeming like a pressing necessity that day, an obligation she couldn’t quite shake. As if there was a deadline drawing near, though she knew that was just her being silly. It was just chance that she felt the sudden desire to finally get it over with, sort through the old junk she was still clinging on to, throw most of it away no doubt and then get on with the rest of her life without that albatross hanging round her neck. A ghostly reminder of her childhood doing nothing but lurking around at the edge of her consciousness, taking up physical space that could be put to better use than storing an eternally ignored cardboard box gathering dust. As if she should put those ghosts to rest, finally allow them to settle into their graves. Or maybe give them the acknowledgement they deserved, even coax a few shadows back to life. There might be a note about where Petunia lived, or at least had once lived, buried somewhere amongst the ancient relics. </p>
<p>Looking at the contents of the box, the first thing she noticed was a photograph of a castle. It seemed to almost extend outward from the picture, as if it had more dimensions than could be held by the shiny paper. It stood proud against the stark, dramatic scenery behind it, tall stone towers reaching for the heavens. The detail was so rich that the clouds almost seemed to be moving across the sky. Hogwarts, she thought nostalgically. Severus had talked of a magical castle called Hogwarts when they were children.</p>
<p>Strange, she thought, it had been a long time since she thought of Severus. Whatever had happened to him, did he ever make it out of Cokeworth? In some ways Lily wished she knew the answers to those questions. They had drifted apart at school, as children do. She paused at that, looking again at the castle. They hadn’t really, though, had they? They’d argued, by a lake. She frowned, casting her mind back over the years. There was no lake anywhere near Cokeworth Comprehensive. There was no lake near Cokeworth, so why did she remember a lake? She shook her head. Memories were strange, she was probably getting it mixed up with something else. She and Severus had drifted apart and finally argued. Sad, but perfectly normal.</p>
<p>She wondered idly if it was his excited fantasies that had drawn her initially to folklore, the subject she had ended up devoting her life to. In a way it was interesting that their childhood stories of make-believe had never been ones of knights defeating dragons but rather of spells and potions, the intricate, almost mundane wonders of magic.</p>
<p>It really was a magnificent photograph, Lily marvelled. Maybe she should hang it on her wall, rather than leaving it shoved away inside a box of memories. It seemed like a shame to throw it out, that was for sure, and might make for some nice decoration in her little flat. She had never really been one for decorating much with nice pictures or ornaments, but seeing as she had such a good picture maybe she should considering getting it framed. If she had people round they might comment on it, but she never did. </p>
<p>She held it in her hands, holding it up to try to imagine it on her wall. She’d made up with Severus later, a faint trickle of a memory reminded her. Outside his parents’ house in Spinner’s End, they’d buried the hatchet and returned to being friends. Lily dropped the photograph onto her bed. It lay there, a stark contrast to the blue roses on her duvet cover. If she’d made up with Severus, why had they fallen out of contact so abruptly? It was true that he’d always been an odd boy, talking of magic and Hogwarts, but she had liked him. She’d been a bit of an odd one out at school too. He’d been clever though, good at pretty much all their subjects and so very studious. Surely he’d gone on to university? They must have gone to different universities and drifted apart that way, she reasoned. Maybe she should look him up too, and write to him. It was about as likely as her getting back in contact with Petunia, after all. She knew that she was the kind of person who did just drift out of contact with people, letting friends become people she hadn’t communicated with in years, but she hadn’t thought Severus was like that. He had been intense in his way, but also so strong-minded. If they had argued then she could see him cutting her off, never forgiving her and moving on, and yet at the same time that seemed wrong somehow. They had been best friends, once upon a time. She couldn’t really recall either of them being particularly close to anyone else in their year, all the other faces seemed to blend into one, a mass of teenagers in the ugly but practical Cokeworth Comprehensive school uniform. </p>
<p>She returned her attention to the contents of the box once more, and drew out a rough wooden stick. She laughed in delight. It must be a wand, lovingly stored all those years. It almost looked like it had been professionally carved, but Lily knew that couldn’t be true. It must be a relic from the games she had played with Severus, the fantasy games where he was a wizard and she was a witch. They went to a school called Hogwarts, which was a castle, where they learned magic. They’d played that game for far too long, she thought with a certain amount of indulgent affection for her younger self. They must have kept it up until they were in their late teens. No wonder Petunia had despaired of them. Raising it, she pointed it with a flourish, as if pretending to perform a spell. She winced, dropping the stick. Her head hurt, a sharp jagged pain shooting through her brain leaving a dull ache in its stead. The wand clattered to the floor.</p>
<p>She stayed curled up on her bed for a while, almost breathless at the pain wriggling its way around her skull. When she did look up, she left the wand where it was for the time being. She glanced at the box once more. On the top of the assorted paraphernalia was her Hogwarts letter. She remembered that, she thought with a pained smile. It had been a nice little fantasy. It was almost cute that she and Severus had been so committed to their game of make-believe that they’d gone as far as writing themselves letters inviting them to their fictional school. She was impressed with the penmanship, it was far better than she recalled her eleven year old self from writing. No wonder it had almost convinced her parents for a moment. Of course, they’d gone to Cokeworth Comprehensive rather than a magical castle, but it had been a nice day dream.</p>
<p>She picked up the letter, and really was impressed with the effort that must have gone into creating it. Maybe Severus had written it, she wondered. He did have rather pretty writing, in as much as she could recall. But the words seemed fairly advanced for two eleven year olds, and the attention to detail was really quite astounding. It had even been addressed to her bedroom, which made her chuckle. They had been clever kids, but even so the style of the letter was incredibly mature. She couldn’t remember writing it, though. She remembered buying the textbooks in Diagon Alley and being measured for her robes, though. She froze, startled. </p>
<p>She remembered Cokeworth Comprehensive, sitting next to Severus in maths class. She remembered sitting next to Severus in Potions at Hogwarts too. In that moment, she felt a calm confusion as her memories seemed to split in two, the partition almost growing out of the seed that had been planted by the searing pain from moments ago. The memories she’d spent the last few years knowing and these new memories that seemed to have been hidden all this time. As she compared them, almost side by side, she felt a chill settle in the pit of her stomach. The memories of Hogwarts seemed to be the sharper of the two, the one with the most realistic clarity. Had she ever even been to Cokeworth Comprehensive? For a moment it seemed like the way she recalled stories she had read, sketches created in her mind’s eye, as if she had drawn the pictures of a life based off what she had been told. Vague faces with details lacking, the backgrounds often ignored in favour of the points that were plot-relevant, a school full of people she had never actually met.</p>
<p>She wished suddenly that she had kept in contact with either Petunia or Severus, as a phone call to either of them would no doubt put this ridiculous fantasy to rest, a quick chat to remind herself of their shared memories, undoubtably mundane. Petunia had been a couple of years ahead of her at school, they’d talked about their shared teachers. But Petunia hadn’t been at Hogwarts, that had been just her and Severus. Had they excluded her from their game, she wondered, or had she thought them childish? Or were they gifted with magic, and Petunia had just been normal… Muggles didn’t go to Hogwarts, hadn’t Severus told her that…?</p>
<p>She tried to think back, back to when it had all started. Back to when she first met Severus. When was that, she wondered, how was it that they first met? She strained at her memory, which seemed now so erratic and unreliable, trying to find that moment when it had begun. Hazily, something floated into her mind. A flower. A flower, floating in the air. Slowly drifting, from him to her. He’d done that to show her he wasn’t lying, that magic was real. It seemed so unlikely though, she thought as the splitting pain returned to her head. Wincing, she curled up on her bed again, waiting miserably for the agony to pass.</p>
<p>Wasn’t that after all one of the reasons she and Petunia had argued, the fact that she and Severus had kept up their childish games of make believe far longer than Petunia had considered to be respectable. Her parents had indulged them, which she knew had annoyed Petunia. It had been harmless, surely… Severus’s father had hated anything to do with magic, but his mother… Severus had once said she was a witch, she remembered as much, but Eileen had never to her knowledge actually indulged in their little game. None of those thoughts helped with her headache, or with the confusion she was feeling. Now, as an adult, she felt almost as if it wasn’t that Tobias had hated magic, but that he was afraid of it. And why, if Eileen had been a witch, had she hidden herself away in mundane poverty, that was a question that Lily felt should have destroyed any lingering doubt about it having been just a silly story two children had made up, but in reality it made her more certain that there was something she was missing. </p>
<p>She’d been afraid of Eileen, she could remember that clearly, the sharp memory cutting through the echoing pain. Eileen had been odd and skittish, just like Severus. A strange woman with her strange child. Lily hadn’t seen her much, though. Hogwarts had been a boarding school. They’d had to take the train, all the way from London. For a moment she could see the platform clearly, but that didn’t prove anything. She had after all been to plenty of train stations all over the country, including London. But she couldn’t leave it alone, the strange sensations of the distorted memories clamouring and clashing with each other filling her senses. They’d been in different Houses at Hogwarts. That was such a stupid detail. Surely, if they’d invented the whole thing, they wouldn’t have decided on something like that, they would have been together. Especially seeing as Gryffindor and Slytherin had been on such bad terms. Best friends would never willingly chose to be in rival Houses that actively hated each other.</p>
<p>She played with her hair, leaning back against the wall, her fingers massaging her scalp absentmindedly. Houses. All schools had houses, that was perfectly normal. Arbitrarily assigned by their teacher with little real meaning, and yet they had been so crucially important at Hogwarts, almost as if they were the backbone of the wizarding world. She could barely remember what house she’d been in at Cokeworth Comprehensive, let alone which one Severus had been in. It had simply not mattered to them, just another irrelevance of their school life. At Hogwarts a hat had decided, a decision that had affected every possible aspect of their lives as well as their futures. A magical Sorting Hat that read their minds. Lily wanted to dismiss it as clearly a silly idea invented by excitable young children, but she could almost feel the memory of the Hat falling down over her eyes as clearly as she could feel her own fingers combing through her hair. She could vaguely remember the strange voice that had spoken directly into her mind before directing her towards Gryffindor, a moment that set the path of her life, just as it had done to Severus when he was allocated Slytherin. Despite that, they’d remained friends. It felt at times like all the forces in the universe were trying to tear them apart, but Lily had clung on fiercely, refusing to give in.</p>
<p>Just like how Janet had held on to Tam Lin. She had always loved that song, and through that the legend that lay behind it. There was something about Janet’s strength and resolve that she’d always admired. The way she’d done what she believed in, bravely and sincerely, no matter what she maybe would have been expected to do. She remembered listening to it in the tatty old kitchen of the house in Spinner’s End, the gramophone nowhere near as good as the one that was in her parent’s house, but in many ways that didn’t matter. Severus had loved Tam Lin too, just as he’d loved all those old ballads and poetry. They’d easily lost themselves in the ancient world of promises and faerie queens. She had never known for sure how Eileen or Tobias felt, though the record was theirs so she could only assume that they liked it. Her parents rarely listened to that style of music, folk songs recounting long forgotten traditions. Eileen had often looked like there was something she wanted to say, words and thoughts that that song in particular had drawn forth, only they were never enunciated, never released. Tobias always seemed as if he were lost in thought, as if the story of Tam Lin brought back memories that consumed him.</p>
<p>She turned her attention back to the box, not sure if she really wanted to be thinking such confused and strange thoughts of the past. She felt as if the world was unreal, reality warping as she thought, an uncomfortable sensation. Searching for something concrete to stabilise the world inside her head as much as her perception of the world around her, she reached her fingers back in and they grazed the cover of a worn old book. It was battered, the spine creased and fraying, as if it had been read so many times it was on the verge of falling to pieces. She could remember reading poetry as a teenager, pouring over it and connecting to the emotions contained within those well-crafted lines. Old poetry, old folk tales, those things had always been a passion of hers. It was why she had chosen to spend so much of her adult life examining it, researching and publishing, trying to impart her love and fascination to the students who took her classes. </p>
<p>It had been Tobias who gave her the book of poetry, she remembered. It would have made sense for it to have been a birthday present or something, but it hadn’t been. He had given it to her during the summer holidays. It had been midsummer, she remembered that. Birthday presents couldn’t have been given in person while she was at Hogwarts, as it was a boarding school and her birthday fell during term time. It was a strange thought, overruling the memories of her teenage birthdays spent with family which now seemed strangely faded, as if the scenes she could recall had been deliberately staged by bad actors who struggled to get their stage directions and costumes right. A girl in an ill-fitting red wig, her gestures a poor imitation of Lily’s movements, going through the motions.</p>
<p>He had given it to her, secretively. That was strange, in a way. It was only a book, and everyone knew she liked poetry. She flicked through it, thoughtfully. There was Tam Lin, the title underlined in soft pencil. For a moment she remembered having done so, then she remembered a conflicting memory of how the book had already had that mark when she first opened it. Thomas the Rhymer too was underlined, and they were starred in the contents page, the same soft pencil. She had never been in the habit of marking her books, hating to mar the beautiful crisp pages with her own scrawl. Severus had been different, covering all his textbooks in all sorts of complicated notes that reflected his inner thoughts. He had got it from his father, she had realised. Tobias had always made little notes in the margins of the books he read, the books he loved despite being nothing more than a common manual labourer. He had almost hinted once, at a previous existence that had revolved around something different, something almost lyrical, but it was as if it had been a past life belonging to someone else. It didn’t fit with the results, the life Eileen and Tobias led in the small house in Spinner’s End.</p>
<p>It was the kind of thing that made her think of theories regarding the existence of a multiverse, where there were all kinds of intersecting universes existing alongside each other. As if maybe Tobias and Eileen had been from an alternative dimension, had had a different life and different history until everything shifted and they had ended up a manual labourer and a housewife in a run down house. She knew it was a silly thing to consider, the sort of artistic misunderstanding of complex theoretical physics that someone who had spent her life devoted to the study of old myths and magic might harbour. She knew nothing of physics, though she vaguely remembered that she had been good at it at school. Just like Severus. They had both been good at pretty much everything, two clever children full of creativity and ideas. Full of passion and bright futures. Her memories were making her think of multiple universes again, of wondering if two worlds ran parallel and she was caught in between them. She remembered her time with Severus in Cokeworth Comprehensive, just as she remembered her time with Severus at Hogwarts. Logically, she knew magic didn’t exist. And yet, her memories seemed so clear, so real and so convincing. </p>
<p>Her book of poetry hadn’t been new when Tobias had given it to her, she vaguely remembered. Most of what the Snapes had owned had been second hand, well worn or so old it almost belonged in a museum. Maybe, she wondered, that was why Tobias had given it to her on midsummer’s eve rather than her birthday. It wasn’t a present as such, as a book he had owned. Or maybe something he had come across and thought of her, in a charity shop or hidden away in their house. That had been the summer when she had argued badly with Petunia, to the point that she believed they could never reconcile. Petunia had hated magic, but even she had written begging to be allowed into Hogwarts. She’d never forgiven Lily or Severus for finding that letter. So maybe that was it, rather than her being away for term times it was simply that Tobias wanted to cheer her up, so he had given her his old, well thumbed book. Though maybe that had been a part of the reason as well, that she’d come back from Hogwarts and the strain of a world  so different from the one she had been born into, only to be rebuffed again and again by her sister. </p>
<p>It bothered her that she couldn’t remember what university Severus had gone to. She felt like he must have gone to one. He was so clever and so talented. They had still been friends when they left Cokeworth Comprehensive, as far as her memories told her, though those memories were buckling under the strain of the new, reawakened memories. The only reason she could think of to explain him not having gone to university was that they hadn’t gone to Cokeworth Comprehensive. The wizarding world didn’t have universities, or at least she didn’t think it did. Maybe that was because they had been so young when they first started talking of Hogwarts, they couldn’t imagine a future beyond their secondary school. University was so adult, so beyond everything they could comprehend. But if they had lived in the real world, then it made no sense for Severus to have simply ceased to exist in her memories the way he did, not without a hint of where they had each parted to. She remembered her own life, her undergraduate studies blending into postgraduate research. The memories of going home for the holidays were vague though, and should have contained a reference to what university it was Severus too was away at. Once her parents died, the suddenness of the car crash wrenching them from her life, she had stopped going home. Petunia had dealt with the funeral arrangements and the house. That was probably the last time the two sisters ever met, which was desperately sad now Lily thought about it.</p>
<p>She roused herself, reaching once more into the box, feeling like Pandora. Her fingers found a sheet of paper, which as she withdrew had the word MUDBLOOD written clearly in capital letters. It was Severus’s writing. Different writing from the letters inviting them to Hogwarts, she realised. Handwriting changed, but the difference still jarred at her sense of reality. What a horrible thing to write, she thought. He’d been crying as he handed it to her, though, her mind provided the memory. Crying quietly, the tears spilling over and running down his face, his eyes almost begging something of her, though she had no idea what. She never had known.</p>
<p>It hadn’t been the first time he’d used that word, though. That was what he had called her, by the lake. It was a bad word, an insult, the worst thing he could possibly have chosen to say to her. She had been angry, hurt, had refused to speak to him until they were on the train heading away from Hogwarts, back to the normal world. She remembered that vividly, how she had slammed the door of the carriage open so hard that it had cracked. Magic had fixed that, so it didn’t matter. Severus had jumped, flinching away from her, hiding behind a book as he sat alone, reading. She’d stood there, glaring and waiting. He’d called her a mudblood again, only this time without the clinically calm anger that had coloured his voice at the lake, a desperate whisper as if he was pleading, pleading for his life or hers. She didn’t know. She didn’t need to know.</p>
<p>The scrap of paper had been the third and final time. Three was a magical number, so much happened in threes. Maiden, mother and crone. The three Nornes, past, present and future. Goldilocks. The Deathly Hallows. She had no idea why she had kept the note. It seemed like such an awful thing to keep as a memento of her youth. Handed over on the cobbled streets of Spinner’s End, grey clouds above them. Eileen had been watching, as if she had been trying to judge whether Lily understood. A whole family bound by secrets that they could never speak. Had Severus been trying to push her away, she wondered. She had thought so, and had held on regardless. She had been stubborn as a child. She was still stubborn. It was why she had so few friends. None of them really seemed to last, and none of them seemed worth the effort.</p>
<p>And yet, they had ceased to be friends somehow, had fallen out of contact and drifted apart. Somehow they had been torn asunder though she had fought against it so desperately. It was almost as if everything depended upon her holding on, and as if Severus was compelled to try to drive her away. Throughout everything, despite everything, she felt a tenderness for the boy that she remembered. A scruffy and awkward child who grew into a spiky and strange teenager, who grew into a lost and angry young man. She wondered what he had ended up as, if he was still at heart the same odd little boy full of dreams that she had first met, just as she was still the same hopeful little girl, buried beneath the cares and worries of an adult woman. </p>
<p>Her memories seemed vague and conflicting, as if there were too many variations and too many options for what could be real, as if reality was optional for her. Unclear in the way that memories always were, when what she really needed was proof of some kind. A hard, concrete method to prove one way or the other what was true, even though she knew that magic couldn’t be real, the one disappointment that she had carried forward from childhood to adulthood. It would make sense were it a fairy tale, she thought, where first born children were promised to evil sorceresses and faerie queens by well intending parents who failed to think things through. But in a world of reality, where magic was just a pretty little story, albeit one that cropped up again and again in all kinds of texts, then there was no such thing.</p>
<p>She moved, shifting down to crawl beneath her bed after where her wand had rolled. Cautiously she touched it, afraid of the pain she had felt before, but it seemed almost warm. As if it was welcoming her back after a long absence. An old friend. She sat on her floor, holding it delicately. It felt as if it belonged in her hand, as if there was really magic inside of her. She looked at it closely, observing the carving on the wood. It seemed too intricate, too carefully done to have been the result of childish hands, no matter how astute and talented she and Severus might have been. The heat that seemed to emanate from within it too suggested that it was not just a simply stick, carved by children for a game. She hesitated, unsure.</p>
<p>Slowly, she stood. She searched through her memories. If magic was real, if she was a witch who had gone to Hogwarts, then she would be able to cast a spell. She felt as if the world about her was flexible, almost malleable to her thoughts, as if she could influence reality. As if she could chose to let the magical world fade back into childish memories and keep living her life as she had always done so. As if she could flick her wand and magic would be real, the memories of Hogwarts snapping into truth. As if she had the power to change everything.</p>
<p>She hesitated again, unsure what she should do. Severus, she thought, she would find Severus. Everything had started when they met, after all. The spell unfurled itself in her mind, the memories reawakened like a dragon whose slumber had finally been disturbed. Drawing the power within her together, she Apparated.</p>
  </div>
  