
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Tobias Alexander Snape looked around him and saw at the edge of a river bank a harbour that held only one narrow ferry boat, Tobias made his way down to the harbour and saw the ferryman grimace as he approached the harbour.</p><p>The ferryman Charon looked at Tobias and sighed in disgust as he commented “Don’t tell me! You have no money to pay me for your passage over the river Styx to Hades and Persephone realm! Where you will be judged by them on your life and its actions”</p><p>Tobias felt in his trouser pocket a large round lump!  He pulled out the coin that was there and handed it to Charon, who just nodded at Tobias to get into the Ferryboat for the journey across the Styx river.  All though the river was definitely underground, Tobias saw everything along the Styx banks, including people it seemed just going about their daily business.    Whole families appeared to be enjoying each other’s company, Tobias  couldn’t stop himself and asked Charon “If this is Hades where are all the eternal punishments that people have to suffer?”</p><p>Charon just smirked and replied “Hades is a mixture of Greek and Egyptian worlds and gods. When Zeus banned Hades to the underworld he decided to make his realm a mixture between ancient Greek and Egypt beliefs.  In ancient Egypt it was  believed that when a person died that had lived a righteous and moral life, then you lived in the afterlife as you had before, except that of course there are no serfs or slaves in Hades realm.    When a person finally meets Hades and his lovely consort Persephone then you are judged, if you have lived a mainly moral and good life then you are free to join your ancestors a long the river Styx and live a normal existence.  But if Hades judges your soul and finds that you have lived a immoral and wicked life, then he will announce your punishment”  </p><p>Tobias swallowed as his throat became dry from his sudden realisation that Hades would almost certainly pronounce judgement on his soul, and that his life would be seen by Hades to have been filled with evil thoughts and deeds.  Tobias knew in his heart of hearts that he had during his life chosen the wrong turns and decisions, he just needed to know what his punishment for all eternity would be.  Charon turned to Tobias and said in a conciliatory manor “Don’t worry my friend, Hades doesn’t very often dish out eternal punishments…..and then only on the recommendation of his consort Persephone”</p><p>“But you don’t know what I did in my life……” wept Tobias to Charon “The things I did to the people I was supposed to love…..my parents, my siblings and my son Severus……..there can be no forgiveness for the things I did…….no forgiveness only punishment…only punishment….” </p><p>Charon looked at Tobias and replied “If you Tobias….yes…yes..I know everybody’s name I ferry over to Hades realm….If you are really sorry for the actions of your past life…..well between you and me (hear Charon whispered) Hades will take all that into account and he will work something out for you….can’t say what it is mind…but not all is lost Tobias…not all is lost”</p><p>But Tobias was not listening to Charon, he was reliving his sorry life and all the mistakes and relationships that he had done during his life.  Charon guided the Ferryboat onto the harbour on the other side of the Styx river and spoke to a Cerberus, which moved away from the entrance gates of the realm of Hades.  With a slight push Tobias found himself propelled through the gates and joining a line of souls which were moving at a steady pace in front of him.  Tobias took no notice of the ornate hall that he was passing through, as he was steadily becoming more nervous and upset about the outcome of his meeting with Hades and consort.  Tobias had never thought about his life and the appalling actions that he had filed it with before.  Tobias had in his rather short life thought that he had the right to do the actions he had, he had in his own mind reasoned that he perfectly right to hurt the ones he loved by his words, emotions and physically and this especially meant his magical only child Severus.   His state of mind did not ease in the slightest as he heard the pronouncements of Hades guards of the people he was judging and which one of the five areas of the Hades realm they would spend eternity in.   Although most people got to spend eternity with their ancestors in the Asphodel meadows along the Styx river.  There were people who had been hurt by love and never recovered they were sentenced to the mourning fields.  Few people he noticed were sentenced to the  Elysian fields for the people who had lived excellent and just lives.  Tobias noticed that most of the people who thought they would be sent to the Elysian fields actually were sentenced to the Tartarus region where they would be punished either for a time or for eternity.  Tobias with a sinking heart knew exactly where he was heading, and it was definitely the Tartarus region.  </p><p>Soon Tobias stood in front of Hades and his consort Persephone,  Hades looked at Tobias and a servant started to unroll a very long parchment that Tobias had no doubt listed his life story Detailing his crimes and  abusive actions not only towards his only son but others including his parents and siblings.  </p><p>Before the servant could begin Hades held up his hand and asked the questioned the audience “Has this man Tobias Snape any person to petition his case for either punishment or clemency” </p><p>Tobias saw his parents and his other ancestors in the halls audience, they looked sorrowfully at Tobias, and a person to his right commented “I am afraid that the rules state that your parents and their ancestors cannot either plead for clemency or your  punishment…..only another person close to you can…perhaps a sibling might do so”  Tobias shook his head at the servant, he knew that through his life he had severed relations between himself and his family.  He had hurt them by cutting them out of his life, he had recklessly he knew now taken the side of his wife the squib Eileen Prince.  If only he could return to the past, then he would never sever and hurt his close family by his actions.  Suddenly there was a commotion as a older woman pushed forward through the audience clasping and pulling another man and his only son Severus to kneel before Hades and Persephone themselves.  With a leaden heart Tobias realised that it was his older sister by twelve years and his younger brother of two years before Hades, Tobias knew  that his sister would never ask for clemency for him.  After all it was well known through out the family that she could keep a grudge going till as the old saying went Hell would freeze over.  Tobias braced himself for his sisters plea for his eternal banishment to the  Tartarus region.  </p><p>  Tobias sister kneeling down before Hades pleaded for clemency for Tobias, pleading that although Tobias had been very wicked and evil in his life.  Tobias was not the baby or child she had seen grown up.  Tobias she reminded Hades and Tobias himself had been a young man full of hope and life who had turned against his family and his personal  values slowly when he had met and married his wife Eileen Prince.  Although Tobias deserved to be punished for his life’s actions and especially his actions towards his only son Severus his sister asked if Tobias could be given another punishment other then be banished to the Tartarus region.</p><p>Hades clicked his fingers and the scroll that the servant had in his hands went flying to Hades hands.  Hades read the scroll and then with melodic voice pronounced sentence upon Tobias “I have listened to your siblings plea for clemency for your past life’s actions.  You were once a young boy and man who had hope and goodness in your heart and soul….and then you became an embittered man through the actions of your bonded Eileen Prince…..you abused the people you loved including your parents and only son!........but they still love you, and for no reason I can see your siblings and son have asked for clemency for you!...of course you must still be punished….and the punishment must fit as the living say fit the crimes you have done in your life”  Hades turned to Persephone his consort and they whispered amongst each other, Hades clicked his fingers and another servant handed him a old bound book filled with parchment.  Hades opened the old book and read what was written there, with a snap the book was closed and Hades spoke to Tobias his sentence “Tobias Alexander Snape you should be sentenced to the Tartarus region for eternity….but based upon the pleas of clemency of your siblings and son I have decided that that your sentence to the Tartarus region will be for as long as you review your life that you led in the upper world.  You will feel every blow and physical hurt that you gave to others.  You will relive the abusive  and emotional actions you gave to others as you review your life in its entirely.   After you have reviewed your life in the upper world, you will be brought before me for the second part of your sentence!”   Hades consort spoke "I will add my own judgement as well as my bonded! To ensure you finally realise how your behaviour and actions effected your sons life...you will relive his life, you will suffer all the abuse  Severus was forced to suffer during his life" and then with that announcenent Hades clicked his fingers and Tobias was dragged away to his punishment in the Tartarus region!</p>
  </div>
  