
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Sometimes nothing turns out as imagined. Scorpius thought everything was going to change after their time travel during their fourth year, but he was mistaken. Albus and he were still the weirdest Slytherins and mostly ignored by their classmates. Albus still didn’t like Rose very much and it turned out Scorpius did neither – at least not in the way he thought he liked her during his fourth year. Scorpius figured out he actually liked Albus the way he was supposed to like Rose. As soon as he realized and admitted his feelings to himself he thought it was much better keeping it a secret, because Albus got desperate about having a girlfriend. He was only talking about that one topic and nothing else seemed to count. Years passed and they turned seventeen. It was their last year at Hogwarts and still Scorpius didn’t have the courage to confess his feelings to his best friend or anyone else. He decided to concentrate on studying. This was only making sense because their last year was even worse than OWL’s year. He was convinced, it was best that everything stayed as it was.</p>
<p>It was shortly before winter break. Albus entered the Slytherin common room. Scorpius laid on the couch, reading as usual. Albus took off his scarf. “You know that girl Hannah? Do you think she noticed me?” Scorpius rolled his eyes behind his book. “Who?” “That blonde Ravenclaw girl from the fifth year.” Albus said as if Scorpius was supposed to know. “Sure.” He replied emotionless and continued reading. He was so sick of that endless dating topic, but he didn’t want to argue with Albus. “Anything wrong?” Albus noticed that Scorpius wasn’t acting as usual. Scorpius sat up. “Could you just stop asking me about your girls stuff. I really need to finish that book and write that essay for McGonagall. Are you already done with the paperwork?” Albus took a deep breath. “We’ve the whole holidays to finish that, remember?” Scorpius looked serious. “Scorp, you’re never having fun. Paperwork and books aren’t everything.” He handed over a letter to his friend as if this was the answer to everything. Scorpius read it silently. </p>
<p><em>“Dear little brother,</em><br/>
<em>Teddy’s wedding is in January as you hopefully recall. You’re invited to his stag night. Louis organized everything. Of course, men only. We’ll meet 3rd January at 8 pm in Teddy’s flat in London. And Albus: be in good mood!</em><br/>
<em>– Your favorite brother in the world - James” </em></p>
<p>Scorpius looked up questioning. Albus smiled. “I put you on the list. No complaining! You defiantly need some fun and you know I’m right.” “Well, but I don’t even know Teddy Lupin. I don’t think he wants me to join his stag night.” Edward Remus Lupin, called Teddy was a legend at Hogwarts. He finished school one year before Albus and Scorpius began to attend the school and the list of things he apparently did during his school time was even longer than Harry’s list. At least these were the rumors that appeared after he finished. Albus took a deep breath. “Life is not happening in you books. Everyone said it’s fine that I’ll bring you. Come on, write you dad.” He gave him a feather, ink, and a piece of parchment. Albus looked at his best friend with a piercing glance. “And Scorp, when was the last time we did something together that had nothing to do with studying?!” <em>‘Albus was right.’</em> Immediately thousand thought were running through his head. <em>‘Maybe there were going to be an opportunity to tell Albus his feelings. It was probably easier if they both were drunk.’</em> Albus brought him back to reality. “Scorp?” “Emmm… yes. I’m joining you.” He smiled. </p>
<p>Christmas Holidays came and the more Scorpius thought about the stag night the more nervous he got. Albus send a letter with the address. It was in the middle of London. Draco was having a business meeting so Scorpius had to get to London by himself. He got dressed. He was supposed to wear Muggle cloth so that they could go out without catching too much attention if that was even possible. He wore tight black pants, sneakers, and a really expensive grey pullover. He used Floo Powder and got out a chimney some streets away from the street where he met Albus and James. On his way he passed a Muggle book store. He couldn’t resist and entered. He had never been outside the Magical London but he decided he liked the Muggle part of it as well. After a while he forgot about time. Albus entered the book store. “Here you are. I knew it!” Scorpius turned around. Albus pulled him into a tight hug. “You know what time it is? I was worried anything happened!” Scorpius first just stood there. He realized that Albus was truly worried. He hugged him as well. “Sorry.” He almost whispered. Albus pulled away after their hug lasted way too long. He looked at Scorpius. He had only see him dressed like that a few times. “What is it?” Scorpius asked unsure what that expression on Albus’ face meant. “Ehh… You look good.” He said shortly and turned around. Scorpius blushed and quickly looked down. Albus didn’t seem to notice. “Come on. We’re already late.” </p>
<p>They walked down the street and reached a house. “Teddy lives at the third floor.” James explained. The door opened and a boy with blue hair stood in front of them. He was good looking and Scorpius blushed. Fortunately, he was standing behind Albus and James. “Hi I’m Teddy.” He reached out a hand to Scorpius. “Hi, I’m Scorpius. Thanks for the invitation.” He said shyly. They entered his flat. “This is my best friend Louis.” He pointed to a guy that was obviously a Weasley. “He organized everything. He’s Victoire’s brother. That’s Fred, Hugo and the twins are Lorcan and Lysander.” Teddy introduced everyone. Louis was giving everyone a glass filled with a dark liquid. “Teddy, you’re my best friend and I swear you’ll never forget that night.” Everyone drank up. Teddy’s hair shortly changed to violet and then back to blue. “First we’ll get something to eat.” Louise instructed. “You godfather Harry got us a table at the best dragon restaurant in London. We’re all invited.” He grinned. </p>
<p>Scorpius was nervous because there were so many new people around. Within the restaurant, he sat down beside Albus and Teddy sat on his other side. They ordered. “Scorpius, don’t you like it here?” Teddy suddenly asked. Scorpius looked up. “No, it’s awesome. It’s just… Albus thought it would be a good idea to bring me, but I actually don’t go out that much.” He felt uncomfortable. “Albus told me a lot about you. He told me that you avoid parties and people. Don’t worry, you’re at the right place here with us.” He puts an arm around him. “You’ll see. We’re all going to have a lot of fun, but I’m a bit scared what Louis planed.” Scorpius heart beat much quicker by the unexpected touch. “What else did Albus tell you about me?!” Meanwhile Albus was caught up in a conversation with Fred, so he didn’t notice Scorpius asking about him. “Well, you love books and you want to become a librarian, you take school seriously. You’re his best friend and he won’t survive Hogwarts without you. That’s basically it.” “Wow. My life summed up in two sentences.” Scorpius sighed sarcastically. Teddy laughed. Scorpius was more relaxed talking to Teddy and they had some small talk. Teddy was 25 and worked as Junior Auror in Harry’s department. He told some stories about catching criminals and Death Eaters. His hair changed whenever his mood changed. Scorpius had never met anyone who caught his interest beside Albus. Of course, he knew Teddy was about to marry Victoire but he was fascinated by the fact that he was actually able to be attracted to someone else. </p>
<p>They continued their walk through some bars. They ended in a small Muggle bar. “It’s easier to get drinks for you here, Louis addressed the younger ones. And then they drank. Shots. Beer. Cocktail. Another shot. Scorpius went to the barkeeper to get another drink. “How about a break?” Teddy appeared next to him. “I can take one more.” Scorpius smirked. Although everything moved around him he decided he couldn’t say no to one more drink. He tripped and almost fell but Teddy reacted much quicker and caught him. Scorpius heart stopped but quickly started to beat again, pounding in his ears. “How about we go outside for a moment and get some fresh air?” Teddy proposed. He linked arms with Scorpius and they made their way through the crowd. Teddy lit a cigarette. Scorpius sat on the ground. “Do you have fun?” Lupin asked. Scorpius grinned. “Oh yes.” “You know, I think there is a girl in there that would like to talk to you. She stared at you the whole time. She’s really cute.” “Not interested. Thanks.” Scorpius said by the way. Meanwhile the others came outside as well. Albus kneed down and laughed. “You’re so drunk, Scorp.” He hugged him. “You’re my best friend, you know that?” He said even more drunk. “I missed you so much.” Scorpius enjoyed having Albus close to him, but even now he couldn’t imagine telling Albus he was gay or that he was in love with him. “We’ll go back to Ted’s flat. I’ve some more drinks there and then Teddy decides where to head next.” Louis called out. </p>
<p>Back in the flat James proposed a drinking game. “All right. First Ted and Louis will answer questions about their friendship. How good do you know your best friend?” He talked like a show master. Everyone laughed. Fred and Hugo were next. Albus and Scorpius were the last ones. No one could even stand straight anymore. First, they needed to answer some easy questions about each other but soon it turned out that Scorpius needed to get rid of the anger that Albus caused with his dating topic. “Albus, what do you think Scorpius finds most annoying about you?” Albus thought for a moment. “Me being charming?” He smiled drunk. Now everyone stared at Scorpius. “No, I hate when you talk about girls. You’d take any girl just to say you have a girlfriend. And I hate it that you are so self-pity when you are rejected and you’re selfish. You’d always choose a date over time with me.” Scorpius replied annoyed. Albus wasn’t happy about Scorpius serious answer. James could read his brother’s mind and quickly continued the game. After some more questions Lorcan took over: “Albus, do you think Scorpius likes boys or girls?” Lorcan smirked. Teddy went over and took him aside. “You can’t ask that.” He looked at him meaningful. “Too late.” He laughed. “Girls, of course. What a silly question.” Albus said convinced. Scorpius heart stopped. <em>‘It’s just a game. I can lie.’</em> He thought. Albus turned around and looked him into the eye. “Scorp, answer already.” Scorpius swallowed hard. Everyone stared at him and silence filled the room. Scorpius got up and made some steps back. “You don’t have to answer.” Teddy said calming. “No answer, is an answer!” Lorcan laughed. Teddy hit him on his shoulder. “Stop it already you idiot.” “Scorp, will you please just tell them you like girls?!” Albus couldn’t understand why he wouldn’t say it aloud. “I…” <em>‘I must lie. Just lie.’</em> Scorpius tried to convince his mouth to do what his mind told him. “I don’t like girls…  not that way. I like boys.” This couldn’t have gone worse. Scorpius looked down ashamed “So, you’re gay.” Lorcan summed it up as if the others needed an explanation. “It’s enough!” James and Teddy shouted almost together. Lorcan didn’t see what he could have done wrong. “Wasn’t that obvious?” His brother Lysander pressed a hand on his forehead. “Can’t believe we’re related.” “Better you leave now.” Louis said clearly. Albus stood there rooted to the ground, as the others discussed. <em>‘Why was no one surprised? Why was it obvious for Lorcan? He just met him today.’</em> He was totally puzzled. Meanwhile the twins left. “Shut up and go.” Lysander pushed his brother out of the door. “Sorry guys.” He said apologizing for his twin. 

</p>
<p>Scorpius couldn’t read Albus’ mind. “Come on, sit down.” Teddy put an arm around Scorpius and gave him a glass of water. “You sure didn’t want to come out that way.” Scorpius didn’t say a word. “You know, we’re totally fine with it. You don’t have to feel bad.” James said. Louis agreed. Scorpius looked up and smiled sadly. He looked over to Albus who still didn’t seem to understand one word. He didn’t move. “Albus? Don’t you want to say anything?” James made a gesture like he expected something from his brother. “Would you like to talk alone?” Teddy asked. Scorpius looked at Albus. “Why would we want to talk alone? Scorpius isn’t obviously making a difference between us. Well we’re just friends for almost seven years and you met them today but why should you tell me that you’re gay?” “Albus!” James started but his brother interrupted him. “I can’t believe that you didn’t tell me. I thought we were friends, but I seem to be mistaken.” Albus got up in rage and took his jacket. Scorpius eyes filled with tears. Albus slammed the door behind him as he left. “James, you, Hugo and Fred should probably go and search for him. He’s drunk and it just started to snow.” James nodded and they left together. </p>
<p>Teddy looked at Scorpius. “Louis, could you please prepare the bed?” Teddy asked. “I’m sorry I crashed your stag night.” Scorpius said trying to hold back his tears. “Scorpius, you’re a great boy. I am sorry this idiot made you think you have to come out in front of everyone. Don’t worry everything will be all right. Albus just wasn’t prepared for that. He’s still your best friend.” As he said that, Scorpius couldn’t hold back he leaned into the hug and cried. It took some time until he calmed down. “You should get some rest. You can sleep in my bed. Louis made it for you.” Teddy said kindly. Scorpius thankfully laid down. He was too tired to think about what happened or how he was supposed to continue with his life. He probably needed to tell his father as soon as he came home. He didn’t want to imagine this conversation. He wished that Albus at least supported him but he was too selfish to think about his feelings for once. He was just angry Scorpius didn’t tell him first. Albus had no idea how he actually felt. He didn’t even let him explain his point of view. Right now Scorpius didn’t want to see or hear anything from his best friend. He closed his eyes and soon fell asleep.</p>
<p>“Albus?!” James shouted. He sighed. “We’ll never find him. We’re searching for hours.” “Well, we have to find him, James. He can’t go anywhere to warm up.” Fred replied worried. Meanwhile huge white snowflakes were covering the streets of London. “We should part.” Hugo proposed. James ran along the dark streets. After some time, he stood in front of a park. The black gate was closed. “Alohomora!” He said and slightly swung his wand. It opened loudly.</p>
<p>Meanwhile Albus was sitting under an old tree, so that the snowflakes couldn’t reach him. He leaned against a cold stone wall. He had no idea how long he sat there. He couldn’t even feel the cold anymore. He guessed that was a bad sign. Tears streamed down his face. <em>‘Stop crying!’</em> He instructed to himself but his body didn’t seem to listen. He wanted to take another swallow of the high percentage liquid as he noticed that it was already empty. First, he was just angry that his best friend didn’t tell him that he was gay. How long did he know without telling him? But as he sat there in the snow, drinking, he started to think about the actual reason he was angry. He never wanted to think about that. Not one second. He didn’t allow these thoughts about Scorpius. He remembered a time when he thought there was a tension between them shortly after time traveling. At that time, he forced himself to think about anything else, because his thoughts were ridiculous. So he did. He dated some girls and focused on just them. It worked. He almost erased his confusing thoughts about Scorpius… at least until now. But now that Scorpius came out, he was forced to reflect his own feelings. Everything he buried deeply inside came to the surface. He simply couldn’t stop crying. Of course, he was angry about himself but couldn’t admit it, so he blamed Scorpius - that was defiantly easier.</p>
<p>He heard a voice calling out his name in panic. “Albus?!” He tried to move but his whole body ached. He realized that the snow soaked his cloth. He made some steps but fell to the ground. James ran over finding his younger brother crying on the ground, not able to move. He pulled him into a hug. Albus and James never got along well but Albus wasn’t able to argue with him right now so he accepted that James took the part of the caring brother tonight and leaned into his hug. “We need to get you into Ted’s warm apartment. Did you sit here all the time?” Albus first didn’t react. “No apparating!” Albus sobbed. He felt sick already from all the alcohol he drank. “Then we have to go by feet.” James pulled him up. This was a bad idea. Albus immediately fell on the ground. “I can’t walk.” It was all too much to take for Albus. James had no idea how to manage to get him home without using magic. “Fine.” James said after a while. He took off his jacket and made Albus wear it, then he carried him on his back, the whole way - home to Teddy’s flat.<br/>
</p>
<p>After a while - it felt like an eternity - they reached the house. Everyone already waited there. James laid Albus down on the couch. As Albus warmed up his body was aching even worse. He started to shake. He couldn’t remember when he ever felt that awful. Teddy collected some blankets and lit a fire in the chimney. “He defiantly caught a cold.” James said, angry about himself that he didn’t find him earlier. “…and on top he’ll have the worst hangover tomorrow.” Louis added. “I’ll stay with him.” James said serious. The others said goodbye and left. Teddy sat down beside James in front of the couch. “That’s not your fault, you know that, right?” James looked down. “Mom will kill me. Look at him. He sat there for hours in the snow. I’ve never seen him depressed like that before. I really am worried about him. He wasn’t himself. I couldn’t calm him down.” James was desperate. “But why? I mean why is he acting like that?”  James looked up at Teddy. “What do you mean? I think it’s because of Scorpius’ coming out – because he didn’t tell him before - when they were alone.” “I don’t think so. I mean your dad raised you to be tolerant, but Albus was pretty angry. I think it’s because <em>Scorpius</em> is gay.” James said nothing. He understood was Teddy implied.<br/>
</p>
<p>Albus woke up in the middle of the night. He felt sick and his head felt twice its size. He straightly ran to the bathroom and threw up. James came over with a glass of water. Scorpius woke by the noise and got up as well. He waited in front of the bathroom door so that no one could see him. After a while, Albus leaned against the wall. “It’s all his fault.” “Who’s?” James asked surprised. “Scorpius, of course. I should have never brought him with me.” “Why? Because he came out? You really should do better as his best friend.” James said reproachful. “Are you on his side?” Albus asked shocked. “Albus, there is no side. You should get some rest. You’re not in the state to discuss things like that.” James said angry. “I hate him!” Albus suddenly said. Scorpius made some steps back. He heard enough. He was deeply hurt but didn’t want neither James nor Albus to know that he heard their conversation. James first didn’t know what to say. He shook his head. “He’s your best friend. Nothing changes that. He’s always there for you and he always was, especially in school when you had no one else who wanted to be friends with you.” “Shut up. You know nothing, James!” Albus shouted. “Fine.” James turned around. “You’ll soon have no one left.” He slammed the door behind him.</p>
<p>The next morning Scorpius woke up feeling miserably - not only because of his hangover also because Albus words were still echoing in his head. Next to his bed, he found a glass with an orange liquid and a towel. He drank up but decided to leave before Albus woke up so he didn’t have to talk to him. He quietly left his room and grabbed his jacket. “Good morning.” Teddy caught him, a cup of coffee in his hand. “Morning.” Scorpius took his jacket. “Thanks for letting me stay tonight. I should better leave.” Scorpius said ashamed. “Did you drink my special hangover cocktail?” Teddy smirked. Scorpius nodded. “It’ll soon reveal its effect. How about you take a shower and we’ll have breakfast together?” “I would like that but honestly I don’t want to see Albus.” “Belief me, he won’t wake up till noon.” Teddy made a move with his head, signalizing he should stay. Scorpius smiled. He hesitated but took off his jacket again.</p>
<p>After showering he did feel better. James and Teddy waited at the breakfast table. “What do you like to drink?” Teddy asked. “Tea please.” They ate breakfast and talked about some news that were written in the Daily Prophet. James looked over to Albus who was still sleeping on the couch. “I’ve no idea how to get him home.” James sighed. “I think I should go.” Scorpius got up. “Thank you for everything.” Teddy got up as well. “Are you going to tell your family?” He asked while Scorpius put on his scarf. “I don’t have family. It’s just my dad.” He paused. “We don’t get along too well.” He looked down. “You should tell him. It’s better he hears it from you.” Teddy hugged Scorpius as goodbye. “Listen, if you don’t know where to go, you can always stay here.” Scorpius smiled. “Thank you.” He stepped out to the streets of London.</p>
  </div>
  