
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Draco closed his eyes and tooka steadying breath as Hermione Granger read Crabbe’s name from the list of Battle Casualties. He wondered for a moment how it must feel for her. She had been there, in the room, when he cast the Fiendfyre that took his life. He’d been trying to kill her and her friends. Now, as Minister of Magic, she stood at the front of Hogwarts’ Great Hall, robed in state dress, stoically reading the names of the lost. In a post-war show of unity, Shacklebolt had declared that Hogwarts students names be read, no matter who they had fought for, as they were children, often simply following their parent’s wishes. That had been Crabbe’s problem. His father had been a hateful man, bitter over the first war, and had raised him ready for the day the dark made a comeback. The man had been proud of his son for giving his life. Draco had just been heartbroken. Crabbe had been one of his most constant companions since their childhood. Losing him was like losing a brother. Now, twenty years on, Draco had lived more of his life without Crabbe than he had with him. He was a man grown, with a family, while Crabbe had never been more than boy. Sometimes, on these days of remembrance, he wondered what kind of man Crabbe would have been. Would he have remained poisoned like his father, or grown past the war? When Scorpius sent home letters with tales of Hogwarts, Draco chuckled to think what Vince would have thought of the pranks, the new professors, and his son’s apparent friendship with Potter’s son. He looked over to where the students were sitting to see the two boys huddled together, their faces solemn. He wondered if Potter’s son knew the tale; it was one that hadn’t been splashed across the Prophet in the weeks following the Battle. Potter and his friends had reported the casualty with minimal details, and for that Draco was grateful, though he wasn’t sure he would ever tell Potter that. Sensing his distress, Astoria gave his hand a gentle squeeze, for which he was very grateful. He wasn’t sure his marriage was a love match, but they were dear friends, and she knew his moods inside and out. He squeezed back gently and let the breath out and Granger read the next name on the list and as always, life moved on.</p>
  </div>
  