
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>If you think that wars, magic or muggle, are grand affairs, if you enjoy tales of good overcoming evil or if you believe in valiant heroes always defeating cowardly villains, this is not the right story for you. Especially not if you expect the aftermath of the great battle to be a clean happy ending with the virtuous (and maybe the reformed) living in plenty and joy happily ever after in a world from which all bad things have been vanquished. Maybe this tale will have a happy ending and maybe not. But what you should be quite clear about is that the war was a dark and messy affair. While even the greatest dunderhead can see that the leader, the aims and the methods of the losing side were simply evil and had to be fought, the issue is less black and white when it comes to the individual witches and wizards who were doing the fighting on either side. Those who espoused the evil cause weren't evil in all aspects of their lives. Even a Bellatrix loved her sister, just to give you one example. More importantly, those who fought what was so clearly evil weren't all good through and through. And neither were their methods, or the way they treated each other. So when the war was over and the wizarding world realized they had, once again, escaped a great disaster, the survivors tended to be the same kind of people people always are, maybe sadder, madder, worse or better than before, but hardly ever only one thing. And, frankly, that makes them more interesting to read about in my book. After all, none of us are only one of these, are we? </p><p>No one is a better example of this than the former teacher, headmaster, spy, murderer, traitor and survivor against all odds, Severus Snape. Even if it turned out that he wasn't the evil bastard people took him for, do you really believe all that bitterness, bullying, jealousy and the occasional sheer nastiness he showed were all part of a facade and just disappeared? If so, you'd be wrong. In his nearly forty years there had been too much violence, too much thwarted ambition and too much disappointed love to have left him unscathed. But neither should his loyalty to people he saw as friends, his dry wit and his ability to turn his life around when all seemed lost be forgotten. Or the fact that, while his teaching was not for the less than brilliant or the faint-hearted, he was at all times a brilliant potioneer. Which, if you excuse the Gryffindor reference, was a slightly double-edged sword when it came to character reference. As a quick look at the required potions ingredients reveals, anyone doing even first year level potions magic has to be able to stand the thought of  working not only with all sorts of plants but also with dead animal parts. And while the advance of magic civilization has meant that many a young wizard has believed the powdered dragon heart and the dried rat tails they bought at <i>The Apothecary's</i> in Diagon Alley to be plant products and the names some kind of metaphor, real potioneers not only know better but prefer to collect, "harvest" and prepare as many of their own ingredients as possible. And Severus Snape might not have been the real thing when it came to villainy and treason but he always had been, was and would be a true potioneer. </p><p>So what about Minerva McGonagall, the other survivor of personal and historical disasters you will meet in this story? What about this pillar of the 
magical teaching community, provider of good advice, strict admonishments and ginger newts to generations of young Gryffindors and loyal friend, who was one of the heroic defenders of Hogwarts? A lot could be said here, but two points on that list should be enough: her magic specialization and her most important magic skill. </p><p>Minerva's own talents meant that for her transfiguration had always involved going to the magic core of the thing, creature or person she was about to transfigure, finding that element of their being that had the potential of corresponding to the thing, creature or person that she wanted them to become and then firmly if gently coaxing that transformation process into happening.  What made her unique was that she always found that something that could be persuaded into changing in everything and everybody and that her own transfigurations never forced any changes, even when they were done in a duel or battle. That said, and to be blunt about it, done with less talent, transfiguration can be akin to rape and, despite her clear instructions, that was a recurring trauma in most of her lessons since many of her students were simply too unimaginative, too talentless or too contemptuous of the subject to get it right. And while she worked hard on improving her lessons, the thought would not have occurred to her that maybe practical transfiguration should not be a core subject taught to every witch or wizard whatever their talents or attitudes. Last but not least, the animal she chose to turn into as an <i>animaga</i> is proof that she was a more complex character than many of her students and colleagues assumed. Theories abound about the connection between the creatures <i>animagi</i> turn into and their souls - most of them poppycock and balderdash as she herself would point out. However, as anybody who knew her at all could attest there was something of a cat in Minerva. Cute and fluffy? More agile hunter with perfect night vision, patience and a firm belief in practicing one's skills even when that involved killing more mice than strictly necessary. </p><p> This, dear reader, is all the warning you are going to get. Proceed at your own peril if you want to learn how the potions master and the cat fared after the war. </p>
  </div>
  