
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>With a whoosh of wind they went. They landed with a thud on top of a large hill. As Harry looked around, he couldn't help but be in awe of everything around him. The town below him looked beautiful and quiet but his thoughts were interrupted by McGonagall. "Boys and Girls," she said, "You will now see that you are dress according to your stations and your families. Please do your best to find said families and take care of the slaves. " All the children agreed and they set off into the town. As they entered, they followed the signs to a slave auction that was currently going on. They all dispersed as they got in the line and were led to seats depending on who or what they wanted. Harry was led to a male section (seeing as he was gay) and was seated next to a teenager who looked suspiciously like Harry's own father. The boy suddenly turned to him, "Here to buy someone?" he questioned with a friendly smile. Harry nodded mutely. "Harrison Potter pleasure," he mumbled. The boy's eyes widened, "Potter! You're a Potter!" he exclaimed. Harry nodded looking at the boy in a confused manner. "No no nothing's wrong," the boy commented," just that my name is Charlus Potter and that means that you're related to me." Harry smiled, "Yes, I'm your uncle's son." Harry said. Charlus nodded accepting, "My apologies for your loss.You must be so sad since Uncle Jameson died." the boy, Charuls, said sadly. Harry to smiled sadly and nodded before turning back to the stage where a dark-haired man had just been pulled up. "This slave has been well trained and is looking for a strong master who will have and keep a firm grip on him." The auctioneer stated. "Do I have a 100?" he called. Harry raised his hand. Something in his body was calling to him telling him not to let the other man go. So, Harry bid all he could and finally got the man for 250 galleons. His 'cousin' got someone for about 150. Charlus smiled at Harry, "Come on, I'll take you home. You can come live with my mum and dad. I'm sure they'd love to let you stay with us." Harry nodded with a smile and let himself be led home.</p>
  </div>
  