
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harrison woke up with a soft yawn feeling warm and safe in the arms of his Mates with a loving smile he extracted himself from between them as softly as he could so as to not wake them up.  With a look of love Harrison made his way to the small kitchen that was part of the bonded dorms to get ready for the day still dressed in normal sleep attire that consisted of his favorite of Blaise's large shirt and his pair of red and silver sleep pants.  Knowing his Dominants were known to sleep late on mornings without classes Harrison knew he time to make them a nice Valentine's Day breakfast.  Harrison was rather excited for it was his first Valentine Day he was in the mood to celebrate for before coming to Hogwarts Dudley and his gang made sure even if anyone was interested in him would not try to give him anything, and after he started Hogwarts he did even notice the first year and the less said about last year and that Dwarf/cupid the better.  He began to make his Bonded their breakfast deciding on something simple with heart-shaped pancakes and some bacon.  </p><p>"Morning Little One," Blaise said entering the kitchen to see Harrison at work mixing some batter.  When they first moved into their Bonded dorms Blaise and Draco had mixed feelings about Harrison cooking after learning about his life with the Muggles but their Submissive had just smiled as he informed them that despite all that he had found cooking rather relaxing.  It also helped them when Blaise showed he could only make a couple of dishes while Draco was able to somehow burn cereal.  </p><p>"Morning Blaise breakfast will be done shortly," Harrison said over his shoulder as he took in his Alpha as the taller male gave him a back hug.  Blaise nuzzled his neck before going to set the table as the sound of the on-suite shower could be heard meaning that Draco was up and would join them in after his extensive morning routine,  By the time Draco showed up at the table, perfect as usual with nary a hair out of place, the food was in place.  "Morning Draco Happy Valentines Day," Harrison said as he slid a stack of heart shaped pancakes and six strips of bacon onto his Beta's plate as he gave the blonde his morning coffee.  The trio sat in a comfortable silence as they ate their meal.  "Are you both ready for the day?: Harrison asked kicking his legs under the table from where he sat between his two Dominants.</p><p>"Oh did you have plans today Kitten?" Draco teased seeing the the happy smile slide off Harrison's face.  "Well I think that since it was a Hosmeade's weekend we would go to a special shop," Draco said giving Blaise a smile over Harrison's head as he left the room to collect the outfit he had picked out for the day for Harrison.  After returning to Hogwarts after the trial all those months ago Draco had stopped picking out clothes for Harrison to wear mostly due to the fact that Hogwarts had uniforms he had only select clothing for his Submissive during the Christmas/Yule break when they returned to Malfoy Manor but since it was a weekend and a Hogemeade weekend Draco had gone out.  Draco returned with a forest green robe with silver fastenings with a baby blue button down shirt and black slakes to wear underneath.  "I hope you are ready for the trip I have such plains for today," Draco said putting the clothing down on back of Harrison's chair giving his Mate a kiss on the top of his head.</p><p>"Well it can't be worse than last year and remember one word about those events and I will not make to food for a month you will only get what the House Elf make," Harrison said crossing his arms and glaring at his Dominants before giving them a playful smile before taking the clothes and going to get dressed.  "Well how do I look?" Harrison said as he reentered the room and give small twirl to show off his gifted cloak.</p><p>"You look smashing Little One," Blaise responded dressed in a deep purple robe matching his eyes as he and Draco waited at the door to the Bonded rooms.  Harrison smiled as he skipped over to his Mates and took his normal place between them so he could hold their hands or arms as the desire took them.  As they exited the room Harrison smiled and waved to the Slytherin's exiting their own dorm rooms.  It had taken a while but Harrison found himself at home in the snake dorms and had even formed friends with the students of their year even Crabbe and Goyle who had taken to protecting him just as they Draco which had helped with the former Weasleys and Granger.  As the group made their way to the Great Hall the three Mates joined them as they were headed out afterwards.</p><p>"Morning Gred, Forge, and Kevin," Harrison said waving as his adopted older brothers and their Mate as they enter the Hall receiving a wave in return as a few seats down form them Ron, Ginny and Hermione glared at them as they discussed their latest plan to get "Harry" back to under Dumbledore and their thumbs.  Harrison rolled their eyes wondering when they would learn you would think that after the last time and Arthur, Gideon and Fabian denouncing Ron and Ginny from both the Weasley and Prewett's line they would give up.  Taking their place at the Slytherin table Harrison let himself be pulled onto Blaise's lap as he took in the Valentine Day decorations which thankfully was not as garish as Lockhart's the year before.  Looking up at the head table it was hard to believe the idea of celebrating the day this year came from none other than Professor Snape who had gone through a slight personality change once he had been cleansed and had gotten both his own Mates back.</p><p>After the rest of the school had finished their breakfast the students who had permission were allowed to go to Hogsmeade, thankfully after the trial all of Harrison's guardians, Uncle Tom, Mama and Papa Malfoy as well Mother Zabini had signed off  giving him permission to go to the Wizarding village.  Once they were past Flich and heading towards the village Harrison allowed his excitement of the day to transform into his Kitsune's form and allowed himself to be carried by Blaise close to his Alpha's chest.  "I think we need to hurry up we seemed to pick up some unwanted," Draco said leaning into Blaise's body to give the tall Italian a kiss as he scratched Harrison under his chin making his Submissive let out a soft purr.  Casting a charm that would allow him to see behind him without turning his head the Alpha saw Ron and his crew trying to look as if they were not tailing the three Mates.</p><p>"Not that they could follow us anyway Dragon not with where we are going," Blaise said softly reminding Draco of their plans for today and their destination.  Draco nodded as Blaise wrapped one of an arm around Draco's waist still holding Harrison's small from in his other hand.  The pair had picked the location for the Valentine's date with their Submissive with an eye of getting him away from the annoying trio and knowing that it was in a place that thanks to magic was different if one had come into a creature inheritance.  Approaching the Hogsmeade branch of the Magical Menagerie the three Mates entered the door.  Seeing the door close Ron, Hermione, and Ginny rushed forward to keep them insight only to find an open floor with the walls lined with cages filled with all sorts of magical pets but no sign of Harry, and the two snakes making the three scowl,</p><p>"Ah that is better, can you go human for us Kitten?" Draco said as the they entered what looked like a small tea house filled with other couples who had creature blood.  Harrison nodded as Blaise set him down before taking on his normal form still with his fox ears and twin tails as he took in the room spotting not only the Weasley-Prewett twins and Kevin but also Professor Snape, Lupin and Siruis Black who was sitting between them.  Harrison noticed that each group in the room was a triad Bonded group with each group's Submissive sitting between their Dominants and being fed small treats.</p><p>"Harrison," Sirius said spotting his Godson as he got up and rushed to hug his fellow Submissive in a tight hug.  It sort of made Harrison jealous of the man for it seemed that Sirius's creature blood did not affect his height like his did not that he minded being smaller than his Dominants but seeing Sirius able to look Severus and Remus straight in their eyes.   Though the other man had confessed that he was sort of envious of Harrison at needing to get on his tip toes to received a kiss as well as his small creature form that allowing his Mates to actually carry him around for the man's Grim form was too big to be picked up.  Sirius tried to drag Harrison over to his table always wanting to spend time with his Godson what he had missed for all the time he had been imprisoned.  Harrison shot his Dominants a look for permission and saw Blaise give him a nod as the trio followed the excitable man over to his own Mates.</p><p>"Heir Zabini, Malfoy, Potter how are you this fine day?" Severus asked in a tone that said this better be a short meeting so he could go back to a date with his Mates.  Blaise and Draco gave him an understanding look as Harrison gave shy smile as Siruis was pulled onto Severus's lap.  "Love I think they might be on their own date," Severus whispered into Sirius's ear and making the Submissive blush at the public display as well as the slight telling off from his Alpha.  Remus gave them a slight hand wave giving the three permission to leave which they quickly did heading to their own table.  As they were still hungry from breakfast the group started to play a quick game of Wizarding Chess, a game both Dominants had been trying to improve his skill in.  Even working together Draco and Harrison were unable to defeat Blaise but the game took long enough that they became hungry again.</p><p>As was his right in this place Blaise ordered for the group mostly asking for small finger foods and Harrison's favorite sweets and a cake.  When the food had arrived Blaise and Draco took turn feeding the small bits of food to Harrison who smiled as he leaned into Blaise's larger form letting his eyes close in contentment.  If anyone had told him a year ago that he would love to spend time with Draco and Blaise and be going on a Valentine's date with them he would have thought they were touched in the head but yet still here he was.  After a while Harrison opened his eyes and began to do his own job of feeding his Mates giggling as the pair would take extra effort to lick his fingers as he held out the small bits of sweets completely tuning out the rest of the room.  As the finished off the sweets Blaise had the waiter box up the untouched cake for the trio to have later as they paid before leaving.  "Well now that we have had some snacks time to head out for part two of this date," Blaise said as he stands ups and pull his two Mates to either side of him and wrapping an arm around both of them.  "Now Dragon had picked this place for his part of the date but I have something else in mind," Blaise explained leading the group out the back door of the place in case Harrison's former friends were still out front.  With a smirk on his face as both his Mates tried to guess where he was taking them the tall Italian just smiled as he walked in silence all the way to his target.  A couple of shops away the pair finally figured it out and almost began to skip as they approached the Qudditch supply place in town,  This was a big thing for while Draco and Harrison were into Quidditch Blaise was not really a fan of the game so his decision to take them there and was willing to put up with it showed how much their Alpha's cared for them.  Once they were inside Blaise let go of Draco but keep Harrison close by as he leaned down to whisper in his ear, "As a special Valentine's gift since your broom was destroyed I will get which ever broom you want Little One."  Harrison smiled up at him and taking hold of Blaise's strong hand in his own still not liking crowds lead them to the row of brooms.  Blaise could only laugh as Harrison eyes widened at the row of brooms giving his Alpha a look to make sure it was okay to pick out any of the brooms and received a nod in response.  Harrison was not sure which one to take for it still felt strange to ask for such an expensive gift even though he knew that all three of them had numerous vaults bursting with Wizarding money.  Also after the last Qudditch game where his broom had blown into the Weeping Willow both his Mates had tried to get him to drop out of the Wizarding sport, though for once he argued mostly due to not wanting to let Gyrffindor house down especially since Draco had a good reason why Harrison stopping to play would work to his advantage.  So with Blaise offering to get him a new broom showed that his Alpha had finally come around to letting him play Quidditch again.  Harrison was about to look through the lines of racing brooms when he spotted a Firebolt and quickly grabbed one for his gift.  Blaise rolled his eyes a little seeing the broom Harrison had picked out and was thankful he had not offered to buy a broom for Draco as well.  With an indulgent smile Blaise took the broom to a nearby worker and asked to purchase it.</p><p>"Is there anything else today sir?" she asked as Blaise handed him the Firebolt.</p><p>'There might be, Draco have you found anything yet?" Blaise said calling for his Beta who showed up with a pair of dragon hide seeker gloves and as well as a poster of the blonde's favorite team.  "Add those items as well," Blaise said as he pulled out a Quill to fill in the form to accept payment from his main account thankful that since he presented as an Alpha he had access to more than just his trust vaults so he could get both his Mates their wanted gifts.  He noticed that Draco shot a jealous look to Harrison's gift but he was sure as long as it was not the Slytherin/Gryffindor match Harrison would allow the Beta to use the broom.  Once their purchases were paid for the clerk shrunk the packages down for easier transport as the three left the store.  Having done all they wish to do in Hogsmeade the trio returned to the castle where the spent the rest of the afternoon hanging out at the edge of the black lake cuddle together.  As Blaise had guess Harrison confirmed that Draco could use the Firebolt during practice and any game Harrison was not using it.  Blaise had let out a laugh as Draco nearly tackled Harrison and began to pepper the smaller boy with numerous kisses.</p><p>The trio finally went inside for super for and to chat to see how the others in Slytherin had spent the day.  It was all going fine until someone thought it would be funny to start to sing the song Harrison had revived last year earning said student a smack to the back of his head and Harrison blushing as he hid his face deep in Draco's robe in both anger and embarrassment.  Draco comforted Harrison rubbing his back and Blaise growled at the second year who had dare teased his Mate with that horrible memory.  After that the three quickly eat and left before anything else happened as they headed to their Bonded dorm.  "You alright Harrison?" Draco asked</p><p>"I wish people would stop bringing that stupid song up it was bad enough the first time though I guess it was better than her trying to use some sort of love potion on me but it was just so badly written I mean who compares a person's features to a blackboard and any part of a toad.  And wanting me to be hers how did I not see that she had meant it literal and want just to own me," Harrison explained walking back and forth in the middle of the room finally telling them why he disliked the poem so much had less to do with how embarrassing it was but angry at himself for missing such an oblivious clue as the younger Witch's plans for his future under her thumb.</p><p>"Oh Harrison don't worry if we ever send you a love poem we will do a better job after all she just focused on your looks and not your great mind or spirit my sweet Kitten," Draco said moving forward and pulling Harrison into his arms and helping him to relax.  It might have been how exciting the day had been or just the reminder of the poem but Harrison soon found himself falling asleep in Draco's arms.  With a smile the blonde boy carried him into their room and placed him gently on the combined bed before truing to Blaise.  As usual the pair had a quick competition to see whose shirt Harrison would wear in during the night as both wanted their little mate to wear their own shirts and since Harrison was already sleeping he could not choose.  Draco smiled as he won the contest as with a flick of his wand the clothes Harrison had been wearing was replaced with one of his own shirts and Harrison's red and silver sleep pants.  They both tucked Harrison into bed giving him a kiss to his forehead as neither of them felts ready to sleep yet as they left the room</p>
  </div>
  