
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Lucius Malfoy made his way down a dark alley, the heels of his boot, and his walking cane clicked along the pavement, the sound magnifying off the close walls of the buildings. He stopped about half way down and turned to face a small door, it blended so perfectly with the surroundings, that if you didn't know of its existence, you would walk straight past it. Lucius only knew of its existence thanks to a surprising source. Miss Hermione Granger had been over one day to talk to his son, and had asked about his father. Draco confided in her, explaining that he and Luna had not seen father in quite a while. Hermione prodded Draco for more information, but he didn't have any. She asked about how he had been acting before Lucius disappeared, but Draco hadn't noticed a difference, of course he hadn't Lucius was a proud man and had not wanted his son to see him in his weakened form. Hermione excused herself to use the restroom and made her way up stairs. Being as quiet as possible she found her way into the disused portion of the house, sweeping through the cobwebs hanging from the ceiling she walked slowing, noting the varying dust patterns on the floor, following the trail until it ended at a double door. She opened the door and found herself in a massive library, cleaner and much better maintained than the rest of the home. And there she found Mr. Malfoy immersed in a tome. She had convinced him into seeking help from a trusted source, recommending this establishment highly. She gave him the location and left him to ponder his actions. His decision is how he found himself here now. He raised the head of his walking stick and knocked on the door, and waited. The door opened a crack, and Lucius slipped in. </p>
<p>The foyer was dimly lit, but the features were outstanding. The walls were draped in a deep red silk, a black chandelier filled with lit black candles hung in the center, casting its soft light, enough to see where one was going. Dark cherry wood side tables lined the walls. Each had a bust of someone notable, with one very subtle difference, each one had fangs. These busts instantly intrigued Lucius, who knew that Shakespeare was a vampire? Wizard yes, but vampire, now that was a shock. White roses added a sharp contrast to the dark surroundings, their fragrant scent permeating the space. Portraits of famous authors and scholars hung on the bits of exposed dark cherry walls. Each one had a plague describing what that author or scholar was famous for, and when that person was changed. He paced along the walls viewing each and ever plague. </p>
<p>Lucius wandered farther in. He walked into the sitting room and sat down on a blood red silk chaise lounge, his legs crossed, walking stick tapping on his foot. Waiting. He was meeting someone that would be able to help him. If they could help him. He highly doubted it. Ever since the incident Lucius had secluded himself, keeping to Malfoy manner. Afraid to be persecuted for his new "deformity". He stayed so well hidden, not even his family had seen him. Four months ago, Lucius was attacked in Knockturn Alley. A vampire that had fought in Voldemort's army had targeted the Malfoy Patriarch. He had corned Lucius in a dark corner and swiftly changed him. The vampire had wanted to make Malfoy suffer, not kill him immediately, his thought process as explained to Malfoy as he writhed on the ground, blood pouring from the fresh wound, hands clutching and clawing at the tender flesh. He wanted Lucius to make the decision to end his life on his own, but Lucius, being determined, found his way home and started making plans to live. He wanted to be there for his son, and soon his grandson.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>The sound of heels filled the room, and he schooled is facial features into his well practiced mask of cool indifference. He didn't want to let this mysterious person to know how nervous he truly was. No one ever believed the man to show any kind of emotion unless it concerned his family, and then it was passionate fury. He stood as the footsteps entered the room. Turning around he was surprised to see someone he had never expected. The shock left him damn near speechless, his mask falling immediately. Confusion and then anger flashing in quick succession. He barreled on the person, his hand wrapping around their throat, lifting them in the air he pinned them against the wall. His snarling face not even an inch away from the other person.</p>
  </div>
  