
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The lights seemed muted, voices harsh in their raucous excitement and Percival wanted to bury himself under his small mountain of paperwork just to avoid the festive cheer. He didn’t begrudge them that would have been petty and miserly of him but he did wish they’d just tone things down a little. Respect wasn’t the right word but that’s the best he had, so he wished they would show a little respect to those who perhaps weren’t in quite such a cheerful mood. They all had families and loved ones to go home to. Percival had a large house with echoing halls and memories to keep him warm. Memories of Grindelwald letting him run down corridors, delirious with pain as he stalked after him. More memories of agony, of panic, of resignation. The realisation that nobody was coming for him. That he was well and truly alone, bland and unrecognisable. He shook his head to clear it of such morose thoughts. There were better memories to think of that involved the same house, the same corridors. Shuffling down them as he recovered from his imprisonment, hanging onto the walls when he stumbled. Of warm, calloused and scarred hands catching him with when his knees finally buckled. Those same hands pushing hair out of his face and offering to cut the annoying strands which tickled the corners of his mouth. Newt had been sent by Merlin himself, Percival swore. As he regained himself in his recovery he and Newt struck up an easy friendship, one that didn’t even stumble when Newt shyly admitted to not liking sleeping alone. When Newt was back home he usually shared a bed with his brother but his travels were often lonely and while his creatures piled happily into his cot with him it wasn’t quite the same. When his health had allowed, Percival invited Newt to share his bed and was surprised to find that he enjoyed the warmth of a body cuddled up against him without any sexual intent. That came later in his recovery. By the time he was well enough to laughingly chase Newt and the niffler down the very same corridors he could see Newt’s restlessness. The desire to travel, discover and rescue. The very fact that Newt had stayed with him until he could not only be self-sufficient again, but could stand to live in his own house without the haunting screams torn from his throat echoing in his mind, was a blessing Percival never expected nor thought he deserved.</p>
<p>However Newt, like everyone else eventually left him. Of course there were promises of visits, invitations for Percival to join him. But it never happened. He got letters from around the world as Newt explored but they weren’t the same as having stories whispered in his ear in the darkest of the night when he couldn’t sleep. Nor did they create quite the same level of warmth when he sat in his armchair, the one opposite him empty save for the ghosts of memories while he read the letters and tried to hear Newt’s voice in them.</p>
<p>Everything looked muted and dull yet painfully sharp and blinding too. The walk home was another measure he took to avoid the emptiness that greeted him each evening. There was only so much brightness a poinsettia could bring to his dreary entrance hall and recently he found even a smile cast at it was an effort. As he walked he took note of his surroundings. Houses with sparkling lights that twinkled in the chilly air. Christmas trees in windows, beyond which were families sitting down together for supper. They all looked so happy and another wave of bitterness washed over Percival. He wished he could have that but he’d left it too late, he was no longer an eligible bachelor, more the lonely old workaholic who never learnt to love that was washed aside by society when nobody could snag him. It was frustrating to stroll through such joy and outpouring of love when all he had back home was a blanket to snuggle into and a hot water bottle to keep his bed warm.</p>
<p>A twig crunched under his foot and pulled his focus away from his little pity party. Percival had to scoff at himself, he was alive, he had a job, a house, and good health. Which was more than some people could say. Surely he ought to be thankful for those and not lament what he didn’t have.  It would have been nice to share the holiday with someone. Even the criminal world had gone quiet – they too probably had family to spend time with. The department ran on a skeleton crew and much to his chagrin Percival had been given time off because there wasn’t enough to do. He tried to argue, pointing out the paperwork he could catch up with but Seraphina wasn’t having any of it. With a soft smile she urged him home and wished him a very merry Christmas as though she didn’t know he was alone.</p>
<p>At long last Percival stood outside his door and sighed as he let himself in. His poinsettia sat innocently on its sideboard, a splash of red colour in the otherwise bland room. However next to it sat a mangy old boot with holes in it, a broken sole and it no doubt lingered in a foul cloud of its own stench. There was a note next to it, a looping cursive that was familiar but not instantly recognisable. It wasn’t Newt’s writing so it wasn’t important. With a frown Percival reached for the boot, intent on throwing it out before reading the letter so he knew who to chew out. How dare they enter his home, defile his property by placing a mouldy boot on his sideboard. Percival had half a mind the throw the boot as far as he could out the door and forget about it. His fingers closed around the offending object and the world lurched sickeningly.</p>
<p>It was a portkey. Fear stopped him from letting go but his mind raced ahead. The writing had been familiar. Percival tried to remember if he’d seen Grindelwald’s notes before but his mind came up blank. As suddenly as the world had spun into a blur it stopped again and Percival crashed to the floor with a surprised grunt. Footsteps hurried to him and a firm hand on his shoulder helped orient him.</p>
<p>“You’re a bit earlier than expected. Didn’t you get Sera’s message?” a warm voice grumbled in his ear. It was Theseus. Percival almost cried with relief and he shook his head. The writing, he should have recognised it, he saw it on an almost daily basis though admittedly only as a signature. Another set of footsteps approached them and they stopped with a small gasp.</p>
<p>“You came.” Newt’s face blossomed into a pleased smile as he rushed to Percival to envelop him in a hug. “I missed you.”</p>
<p>“I missed you too.” Percival muttered into his shoulder and relaxed when another body pressed into him from behind and he was firmly sandwiched in solid warmth as the brothers welcomed him home.</p>
  </div>
  