
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The war is over, the battle lost just like lives of the brave and innocent. Harry was killed and now Voldemort’s band of death eaters were laying waste to Hogwarts and everyone. Professor McGonagall grabbed Hermione’s hand and was running away. Hermione couldn’t understand why her Professor was running instead of standing her ground and fighting. “Professor! Professor! Why are you running! We shouldn’t be afraid! They need our help! It doesn’t matter if we die! We need to stand our ground! Professor!”, but Professor McGonagall just ignored her until they reached the Headmaster’s office. “Do you have it? Do you still have the Time Turner I gave you!”, “Wha… Ye…Yeah, I do, but what…”, “Hand it to me”, Hermione was wondering why her Professor asking about the Time Turner, “Professor what do you want with it?”, “You have to believe me child I wouldn’t make you do this, but it must be done. I didn’t know what Albus meant until now”, Professor McGonagall was looking at her with sad eyes. “Professor Dumbledore? What are you talking about Professor?”. BANG! The screams and explosions outside could be heard, “I don’t have time to explain child, here take these”, she handed Hermione a satchel, the time turner and a book that looked like a diary. “You remember how to use the Time Turner right?”, “Of course I do Professor but…”, “Good! Once you use it, everything will all fall into place. You’re our only hope now my dear, hurry!”. Then 2 death eaters came barging in. “GO!”, Hermione heard her Professor say as McGonagall went to fight the 2 death eaters. Hermione didn’t know what her Professor just said, nothing made sense, the Time Turner could only turn back time so much. But she believed her Professor and turned it 3 times. She looked up and the last thing she saw was the smile on her Professor’s face as a flash of green light hit her. Hermione screamed her Professor’s name, but no sound came out and she was engulfed in black… .</p>
  </div>
  