
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Malfoy Manor was immense. The way to the main door was surrounded by high hedge walls, both left and right, running off into the distance beyond the wrought-iron gates. The gardens those hedges protected were wide and now in summer laced with beautifully colored flowers and blooming bushes. The scent of flourishing seeds mixed with the dark, heavy odor of the massive trees all around the area was perfectly balanced and made that early summer morning even more peaceful and beauteous than it had already been. <br/>Although it already was quite warm Juliette was shivering underneath the cotton cloak with the silver grey sign of her house embroidered on it. In front of her Draco Malfoy led the way with his head hanging low and his eyes fixated on the flagging he walked on. It was strange to see him like this. When they had been at Hogwarts Draco’s head had never been bowed, quite the contrary. In school he always appeared arrogant, proud and snobbish, mostly countering everything with a contemptuous grin. Right now however the young man in front of her seemed exhausted, sad, and even unhappy. Somehow like a whipped dog. Behind her was a representative from the Ministry of Magic who had the order to accompany her from Hogwarts until she was within the safe walls of Malfoy Manor. Juliette was seventeen and not old enough to live on her own, they said. Until the end of her last year in school she would spend every holiday to come here, in this grand, cheateau-like house that became more menacing with each step she took towards it. Juliette was not sure what to think of all this. When her parents had died five months ago she had not thought of idle things like where she would live while underage or who would take care if something where about to happen. No… when the message of her parents’ death had reached her, a piece of her had died with them. She had not been able to eat or drink, her nights had been endless and filled with dark, unmentionable thoughts and her days were full of studying and trying not cry when someone gave her a compassionate look. But that wasn’t the worst by far. Her misery reached its peak when rumors spread about the circumstances of their decease. Juliette had not been very popular amongst her own housemates from the very beginning, but even less after her 2 months relationship with a Gryffindor, which she of course had tried to keep a secret, had been revealed. The fact that one of her closest friends, or actually one of her only friends was in Gryffindor house wasn’t helpful either. To say it bluntly, it had not been very surprising that the rumors were hardly well-disposed. In some nights she could still hear those rumors, whispered and hissed by snakes, infiltrating her soul and leaving behind a terrible feeling of betrayal in combination with solitude. Quite instantly tears welled up in her eyes when she started to remember all these things. How could people be so cruel?</p>
  </div>
  