
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>“You’re going leave me, aren’t you? You’re going to go back to her and leave me, aren’t you?” The spoiled teenager raged with the fury of a five year old. Sirius stubbed out his cigar with a long suffering sigh and watched as Severus slammed down an expensive bottle of ink with his whip-lash temper. He was shocked he didn’t break the bottle. The silver ink was a gift from a former suitor; the young French count, if he remembered correctly, but it hardly mattered who since he had had so many of them. Before he found him, his darling had been quite the talk of the town, one of the most sought after young men in his Hogwarts generation, he thought with no small amount of pride.<br/>
“Severus, don’t be foolish.” Sirius said, getting a bit impatient as he brought up the subject for the thousandth time since they had gotten back to London from their honeymoon two weeks before. “Helena is gone. It’s only you now.” He soothed. Severus stuck his bottom lip out, pouting, like the child he sometimes still was. Severus was so young, almost too young to be in the position he was in: seventeen years old, married and pregnant.<br/>
Sirius leaned back against the multitude of cushions on the large bed as he watched his young husband putting the final touches on his outfit for the evening. They were going to a party held by James Potter; it was their first party since their marriage, their first party in almost six months. Sirius Black had not attended a party since the announcement of his divorce of his good, faithful wife Helena and his intentions of marrying the younger, more beautiful and male, Severus Snape. To say that British wizarding society had been shocked would be an understatement. Now he was married and there was nothing the pompous Wizarding elites could do about it. Sirius had only married Helena because his father had ordered him to, and he, not particularly interested in any other people anyway, had agreed with relatively little protest. She had been twenty-one and he only eighteen, but as the only children in their respective families, the age gap had been over-looked. For five years he remained faithful to Helena and had developed a deep friendship with the older woman. Sirius was still fond of his ex-wife and, he liked to think, she was still fond of him; after all, they had had children together (even if he would be cutting those children from his life and his will as soon as possible), a fact which infuriated his new husband.<br/>
Sirius’ thoughts were interrupted by an outburst from Severus. “But her children are still here! You promised you would get rid of all of them, Sirius! You promised!” he all but wailed and Sirius winced inwardly at the thought of the tantrum sure to come soon. “Is my, OUR son going to have to beg for scraps from HER daughters?”  He was nearly shouting by now, and Sirius finally sat up to answer his accusations.<br/>
“Relax, darling, or you will upset our son.” He drawled. Severus rose from his chair in front of the mirror and stalked over to the bed. Sirius watched him appreciatively. For now there was only a small, barely noticeable, bump as evidence of his pregnancy. He still retained the strong, lean body that had originally drawn Sirius to him despite his being a husband and a father of two.<br/>
Sirius smiled at him as Severus sat beside him and grabbed his slender hand, raising it to his lips to kiss. “Now, my love; as I told you and Helena both before the divorce, Caroline and Maria will only remain in my care until Helena finds a suitable place to live. I will then give Helena money enough for her to live on until she finds a job, and then I will cut them off as I promised.” A sly, triumphant smile slowly came over Severus’ face.<br/>
“And my sons will have everything?” He asked, looking straight into his husband’s eyes. Sirius understood and appreciated his husband’s ruthless ambition.<br/>
“Yes. The sons you give me will have everything.” He gave a shout of delight and threw his arms around James’ neck, giving him a kiss in thanks. Severus smiled as he stood again and, in his exuberance, nearly ran back to his mirror, obviously having become excited about the party again.
He was running a bush swiftly through his luxurious black hair, when he paused as if in thought, then threw back his head and laughed. The laugh was rich and full-throated, pleasant sounding; but then Sirius saw his eyes which were full of mirth but behind that mirth was a cold, calculating ambition. Sirius suddenly realized that his child husband might be far more dangerous than he had given him credit for. As Severus hummed to himself while choosing hair ornaments Sirius thanked god that Severus loved him.</p>
  </div>
  