
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harry James Potter is twenty eight when the world ends.</p>
<p>Auror training had been a dream of his from a more innocent time, before his 7th year at Hogwarts, before his death put a little bit more into perspective for him.  After the War everyone looked to him to be the warrior he had become, a leader to bring peace and make sure the evil of the world stayed in the shadows. Harry had applied for Auror Training, and had been accepted after his deeds at The Battle of Hogwarts, finally getting his own dream fulfilled. <br/>It was only 4 short months to complete the training, most of it regulations and classes revamped by veterans of the Second War. Graduating at the top of his class, with Ron right behind him, Harry started his new job as an Auror. <br/>It took less then a month for him to quit. </p>
<p>Harry spent most of his childhood under the cruel thumb of his uncle and the rest under the watchful eye of Albus Dumbledore and, later, Voldemort. He spent his life, unknowingly since the death of his parents, preparing for the moment to defeat Voldemort. Harry had done so at the cost of his own innocence. The wizarding world was free to grow into this new golden age, to explore new paths and break from the mould that started the decay of the magical society. Harry had been groomed since his was 11 to be a martyr, to fight for the people and give his life for them. Being an Auror would be all of that, day to day in various degrees of danger, dependent on the populace for support and funding. </p>
<p>Harry had wasted too much time on what everyone else wanted from him, to please others over his own wants and ideas. This time, he would do what was best for Harry. If this meant giving up on the dream of being an Auror, a dream spawned from indecision, grief, and suggestion from the teachers around him, then Harry would gladly do so. </p>
<p>Which is how Harry Potter went from the most promising new Auror Recruit, to the newest Healer Intern at St. Mungo’s. </p>
<p>Ginny Weasley, his at the time girlfriend, was not impressed when he dropped out of Law Enforcement and switched to Interning at St. Mungo's. The even longer hours at the hospital were the cause of many arguments, as well as the lack of ‘time and effort’ he put into his personal time with Ginny. Harry tried explaining time and again that he was finally happy, finally doing something he loved instead of something he felt obligated to do. The hours he put into the Internship would be worth it. The income wasn’t a problem, His family fortune more then covered any living expenses while he was student, and Harry couldn’t understand why Ginny was so against his decision.</p>
<p>The fiery redhead told him to come crawling back once he figured it out, and walked out of his apartment. Harry hadn’t seen Ginny Weasley since. Nor any of the Weasley’s. Hermione eventually came around, while Ron was at work and carrying a small newborn, to explain. </p>
<p>Apparently, according to the Weasley’s, Harry had abandoned Ron at work and ignored Ginny’s desires at home. He would be allowed back once he had apologized and sorted out his ‘priorities’. Having the Weasley’s turning their backs on him so easily had hurt fiercely but Harry was hopeful they would come around. Taking the time to learn to Heal people, to fix the damage caused by evil or accidents, appealed to Harry more then hunting down dark wizards. More then catching petty criminals. Harry always did have a saving people thing, and how could he save people more then healing them? Hopefully once he was full Medi-wizard Ginny could see just why Harry pulled the long clinic hours, poured over books and class notes at home, and spent most of his time trying to fast track through the muggle medicine courses. It would take years, much longer then the Auror Training, but it would be worth it. </p>
<p>With Ginny gone, Harry found himself spending more time with Teddy. Andromeda was grateful for the help, taking any opportunity for Harry to babysit and taking a well needed break. Seeing the sweet babe grow into a rambunctious toddler was one of the things keeping him going. Being able to heal a scraped knee and sooth a flu was one the best motivators to finish his internship. When the news of a new mysterious illness started to spread, Harry found himself unable to visit and spending most of his time at work. He missed his smiling godson but he was perfectly safe his Grandmother. </p>
<p>On clinic shift at St. Mungo's is where Harry first saw the results of the end of the world. Fatalities were rare with Magical Medicine, but they did happen. A splinch cutting a heart in half here, an Avada Kedavra there, but magical deaths were nothing compared to the muggle population. Which was why when a man died of liver failure do to a bad splinch no one was expecting him to rise from the surgery gurney and attack the intern putting the tools away. The bite to the forearm was wrapped and the girl sent home to rest while the patient was bound to the gurney, teeth snapping at the attending Medi-wizards. </p>
<p>The first couple were treated like they were sick, isolated and re-evaluated. Perhaps they'd missed something the first time, diagnostic spells done wrong or some sort of magical bacteria taking root, for this seemingly dead person to reawaken. After a while, when even an Avada Kedavra victim rose from morgue, St. Mungo's treated them like inferi. Scorched Earth Policy. Every body was immediately bound then incinerated at the crematorium.</p>
<p>At first, this seemed to stop the rising dead at the hospital. Then the reports from the rest of the world came in. This wasn't just an isolated incident at St. Mungo's. It wasn't even just isolated in the United Kingdom. Everywhere, anywhere, in the world, The Dead Rose. Muggles were already becoming overwhelmed, entire hospitals and buildings over run with the walking bodies. How do you combat the fact that dying no longer meant the same thing?</p>
<p>The first priority of St. Mungo's was a cure, allowing only the worst of cases into the building. Capturing an infected individual was easy enough. Man power was put exclusively towards research while Interns and newer staff picked up the slack of patients. Harry had never worked such long hours and handled so any desperate and sick people before. Not even his double shifts from his first year interning could complete with the sheer chaos and desperation in each person allowed entry into the emergency ward. Bite wounds became a death sentence and his heart grew heavier and heavier the more he saw come in. People knew it was hopeless, no one had survived a bite or scratch yet, but desperation and pain drove them.</p>
<p>Harry's heart broke even more when Ron and Hermione came in, the former covered in blood and cradling an arm, the latter seeking him out with desperate and hopeful eyes. “Harry! Thank Merlin, they were going to turn us away. We had to drop your name to be allowed in.” It was a bite wound, slowly dripping blood and already creeping black lines along the flesh bordering it. Any and all Aurors had been called in to disrupt riots and try to instill order on the panicking population. This made it easy for the infected to hide in a crowd, for the condition to spread. Who could tell a screaming, panicking injured civilian from a moaning infected moving the same direction?</p>
<p>Hermione had children at home, a toddler and a young child, undefended except for Molly Weasley. “Hermione. How long ago did this happen? Where?” Harry guided his first friends to an examination room, claiming it in the chaos. No one argued, more focused on their own crisis. “We came as fast as we could once Ron was able to floo home. Diagon Alley... It’s been over run, Harry.” Harry gently helped Ron lay on the examination table, removing the sleeve of the jacket and exposing the wound. It was too far gone. He could see the inky lines creeping up the arm, tainted blood flowing through the body. Amputation wouldn’t work. Ron had only hours to live. “It’ll be alright, Hermione. I’ll take care of Ron, you should gather the Weasley’s and head for Hogwarts. It’s being set up as a safe zone. I will contact you there once he’s stable, ok?” Harry looked at his friends, Ron delirious on the table from fever and Hermione looking at him with desperate hope. “You can fix him, Harry? You’ll make him better?” Hermione looked at him, eyes full of tears, hope mixed with denial. She knew, intellectually she knew that Ron was done for, but she couldn’t accept it. </p>
<p>Harry smiled reassuringly, placing his hand on Hermione’s shoulder and squeezing softly. “I’ll help him. I promise ‘Mione.” The strong women sniffled, straightened up and nodded. “Alright. I’ll collect the kids and Molly, head for Hogwarts like we planned. You’ll meet us there, right?” Planning was helping Hermione focus, so Harry nodded and agreed. “You bet, ‘Mione. As soon as I can. Let me show you to the floo. I’ll be right back, Ron, to get that wound handled.” The delirious redhead nodded woozily, eyes cloudy with fever. Harry made sure Hermione was okay to Floo then made sure she left himself. She didn’t need to see what must be done. Returning to the examination room, Harry looked over this first friend, seeing the pain and fear in those cloudy blue eyes. </p>
<p>“Everything will be okay now, Ron. I’ve got you.” Harry made his friend comfortable, easing his pain with a sleep potion and making sure Ron was unconscious. Then, by order from the Ministry and Auror Corps, he killed the first friend he ever made. He looked at the still body, trying to make sense of what the world was now and failed. Harry took a few minutes to let the tears fall before composing himself and doing his job. Ron’s body was burning before it could grow cold. This disease, this horror, was too wide spread to wait for people to find a way to reverse it. It wouldn't be long before even the most fortified places were over run. By the end of the day Diagon Alley was over run by walking corpses, the only safe place being the locked in Gringotts. No anti-muggle ward could keep the dead of London out, for they no longer saw with their eyes. They hunted by sound, by smell, and they were coming for the living. Magicals were no exception. </p>
<p>Many fled to Hogwarts, with its stone walls and rough terrain, as many could live without even touching an infected inside. Magical Britain was doomed to die out, the very few left hiding behind Fidelius without any means to replenish real food or water. <br/>Harry never made it to Hogwarts. St. Mungo's did not last long enough to find a solution to the dead. It was too open, too vulnerable to attack with large windows and many entrances.  The building was meant to be a hospital, not a fortress. harry knew a bit about muggle technology, about radio, cellphone, and communication methods. Safe zones were being set up by the muggle military outside of large population zones. Rumours were spreading about who had a cure, or even just a possible vaccine, the name European Center for Disease Control was said many times. Many had flocked to the area in Sweden, hoping for sanctuary or a cure.</p>
<p>Harry had high hopes for a cure, needed a cure for his remaining friends and family, and needed to do... anything to help. Apparation would have been useful to use, if some magical’s hadn’t appeared in a supposed safe room and instead found it filled with the Dead. So, moving by borrowed hospital broomstick, Harry’s first stop after St Mungo’s fell to the dead was his apartment. This apartment he used to live in with Ginny and he arrived only to find it broken into and ransacked. Thankfully his secret stash, a habit kept from the war, was untouched. It left him with only a bottomless bag and the supplies inside, which included his Firebolt II, plenty of medical supplies, his invisibility cloak, photo album, and enough food for a few days.<br/>His next stop was 12 Grimmauld Place, which he had cleaned up and gifted to Andromeda and Teddy. Apparating inside, thankfully the building was still under the Fidelius, Harry found the house deserted. A note was in the empty kitchen explaining that Andromeda had taken Teddy to Hogwarts, which had more supplies and was well prepared for the crisis. They would return to this house if something were to happen to Hogwarts. </p>
<p>Thankful that his remaining family was safe Harry started gathering anything that could be a useful. Harry grabbed his old Auror kit, gifted to Teddy as encouragement to his dream to grow up to be like his Mother, the heavy duty leather armor and dragon hide cloak would protect from the biting jaws of the Dead. Left over cookware, spices, cutlery and as many bottles or containers filled with water he could make were added to his bag. There wasn’t much food left but Harry scrounged for anything edible, knowing food would be scarce, and ending up with a few cans and fresh food left in the fridge.</p>
<p> A quick look around the house gained Harry some well needed toiletries, especially toilet paper, and clothing. Even if Teddy’s too small clothing or Andromeda’s dresses were never worn, they could make bandages in a pinch. Now ready, Harry bundles up under the invisibility cloak and mounts his broom, unsure if the ECDC had any answers or if it would just lead to disappointment. His family.. His Friends.. He could only help them by finding a way to end this crisis, by cure or by some way to eliminate the dead. Hermione was a tough fighter, as well as all of his friends, they could protect Hogwarts until Harry returned with a solution to the crisis. <br/>However, after days of travel, it turned out that the ECDC was a bust.</p>
<p>Even if the facility some how was still salvageable, the power had been cut off and the area was swarming with the Dead. Once the power had failed the entire building seemed to have been set aflame, only a black husk remaining. The Military hadn't held out for long after that, it seemed, by the sheer amount of Dead overwhelming the area and the people left in the aftermath who had flocked to the beacon of hope. Only the fact that Harry was atop a flying broomstick saved him from the carnage below.<br/>Harry knew of another CDC that was rumored to still be operational, the one in The United States of America, but it would take a miracle to get there. Flying would take too long. Even if he could make it across on his broomstick, one oceanic storm and he'd be fish food. His only way there would have to be by boat. Finding one would be the hard part.</p>
<p>Surprisingly it didn't take as long as Harry thought it would. Many more people had the same idea as him, plus the coast was covered with military craft, and after spying on the ships Harry found one without any infected on it. Fly to the ship made it easy to slip on board in the chaos and, after proving his worth by healing some people with potions played off as medicine, he easily gained passage across the Atlantic.<br/>It took longer then Harry anticipated to get to USA, there as some debate on what their destination should be and how long they should gather supplies before setting off, but eventually Harry convinced them to get as close to the Georgia coastline as they were comfortable with and let him off. He'd spun a story of finding his family in Atlanta, needing a ride across the ocean. Radio was already down, as well as cell reception, so no one could confirm his story. The ship was reluctant to let their 'Doctor' go but most understood his need as many were foreign and trying to get back to their home countries.</p>
<p>Harry ended up in a place called Port Royal. He wasn't entirely up to speed on the map of USA, having tried to memorize the one he’d found on the ship but without any reference it would be touch and go, and was relying heavily on the point me spell. Thankfully resources were still plentiful if someone knew where to look. The broomstick he carried with him was a godsend as Harry landed on the roof of buildings that looked relatively clear, looted the top floor, then moved on. Some buildings held the Dead but for the most part he was in and out before they realized he was there.</p>
<p>A quick point me spell and he was off flying over the country side. Harry found it easier keeping on track to follow road signs. Lone cars stranded on the side of the road became pit stops that kept him safe while he ate and gained a break from flying. Some had supplies in them, hunting knife and some bullets was found in a truck, adding to his bag of already stockpiled supplies. So far Harry had very little contact with the Dead, using avoidance and care was easier then a head to head confrontation that risked injury. <br/>Following a road labelled 278 lead him to a city called Augusta. Deserted vehicles on the multi-lane roads increased the closer he got, as well as the number of the infected. There was some high rising buildings in the distance, Harry currently flying over a residential zone. There were some very beautiful mansions and homes in the area, the ones that were left. Some seemed of have burned down, others used as shelters and had been over run, and a few were just neglected over time long before now.<br/>Harry found a place to stay for the night, not wanting to travel in the dark with no street lights or cars to light the way, as the concrete turned into black veins hidden in dark forest which was impossible to follow from the air with any confidence. Settling into a bedroom that looked like it used to belong to a little girl, Harry set up trap lines and settled into a blanket nest for a warmish night. After scavenging more supplies from the surrounding houses in the morning, keeping away from the crowded city high rises, Harry continued his journey west.</p>
<p>Route 20 out of Augusta lead towards the direction his wand showed him. The multi-lane highway was littered with cars and a few walking dead. Many trucks were locked food trailers, which Harry quickly looted when he could, and many others offered sanctuary from the dead for a moment. A trailer carrying cars for some sort of dealership offered a dry place to stay when the rain started. It was boxed in between two other trucks, safe from tipping over in the wind and high up from the dead unaffected by the rain.</p>
<p>The trip brought him closer and closer to the city  of Atlanta. Already he could see the city had fallen as well, with the abandoned cars fleeing the city, despite the signs along the way stating that it was being turned into a safe zone. An end to end build up of vehicles were stalled moving away from the city while the road going in was clear, a clear remnant of the sheer chaos and panic of the early days of the infection. Harry didn't dare land anywhere, safe from prying eyes beneath his invisibility cloak, hovering over the suspiciously quiet dead city. A point me spell directed him north, moving closer to the tall buildings in the center of the city.<br/>Flying over the high rise buildings Harry kept a close eye for any clear buildings he may be able to loot, unsure of the situation and how much he would need at the CDC, when he spotted a curious sight. There were a group of bodies on a roof of a department store, which wasn’t unusual, but they weren't moving like the dead. Hovering closer, remaining quiet, he saw that they were using tools and binoculars. One of them was hand cuffed to a pipe system in the center of the roof, leaning back against the metal and snarking at the others.</p>
<p>They were alive, the first living people he'd seen since leaving the ship. It gave him a small hope that maybe, just maybe, there would be people left when he finally found a way to stop the living dead. All of his hopes rested on a Building to the North. There was no time to waste.</p>
  </div>
  