
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Chapter One:</p><p>New Year, Old Enemies</p><p>Harry Potter</p><p>Harry stepped onto the Hogwarts Express. He breathed in the familiar scent of pumpkin pasties. It had been a year since the war with Voldemort, and he had agreed to come back to Hogwarts and help rebuild it. The deaths of friends and family still haunted him and he couldn’t seem not to blame himself. “Hurry or we’ll be late!” Ron said slamming into Harry from behind. “God Ronald, you need to chill we’re 5 minutes early!” Huffed Harry’s other friend. “Hermione! You don't know if the train will leave early or not. It's best to be prepared.” Ron and Hermione had also joined Harry to help rebuild the school. Harry was looking forward to seeing his old friends. When he found out that Hagrid had gotten a job dragon training in Romania with Charlie he was happy for Hagrid, but also a little sad too. It would mean his old friend would not be coming to Hogwarts. Of course Harry had visited him over the summer upon Hagrid’s invitation, but it wouldn't feel the same at Hogwarts without him. McGonigal had said that the Hufflepuff and Gryffindor towers had been destroyed in the war; Gryfindor would stay with Slytherin and Hufflepuff would stay with Ravenclaw. Harry was not looking forward to that part though. Assuming that any Slytherins would even show up he hated the idea of sharing a dorm with them. Harry, Ron and Hermione sat down in the first available compartment. “Move!” Harry heard Pansy Parkinson say pushing her way through a crowd of 4th years. Hermione looked up from where she was sitting. “That bitch, she’s so cocky. She thinks she owns the place.” “At least we know that Malfoy isn't coming.” Ron said, looking a little shocked at Hermione’s outburst.  “I mean he’s a Death Eater; he’s not going to come rebuild the school he just destroyed.” Hermione nodded and looked across the small train car at Harry. “You’ve been awfully quiet Harry; everything all right?” “Oh ya, just kind of thinking about what’s going to happen when we reach Hogwarts.” Harry’s mind started to drift elsewhere. He thought about Hogwarts; thought about how different it must look by now. Things would be different now that there were so few people going back. He might even miss the Slytherins! Thinking about the Slytherins made his mind flit to Malfoy. He was feeling an emotion he couldn’t put his finger on, usually when he thought about Malfoy he would feel resentment or hatred, but this emotion was something different all together. ‘Oh well’ he thought, probably just the nostalgia of going back to Hogwarts. He looked out the window at the rolling fields and planned to make this year a good one.</p><p> </p><p>Draco Malfoy </p><p>Draco looked around the train compartment. It brought back so many memories. Not good ones at that. After the attack on Hogwarts a year ago he was trying to be a better person, that’s why he agreed to go help rebuild the infamous school. Well sort of. If he had to admit the real reason he was going back… it was to see someone before they parted ways forever. He had had this crush since day one at Hogwarts. Though it was impossible for them to be together. “Hi Draco!” Pansy stood at the entrance to the compartment jerking him out of his trance. “How was the summer?” Draco stood up “Don't play that game with me you know how my summer went.” “No need to be so rude.” Pansy said stubbornly  “I just care about you that’s all. Wait where are you go-“ “I’m going to walk around the train and stretch my legs.” Draco said coldly. He opened the compartment door and stepped out not going anywhere in particular. He walked past 1st years nervous about the Sorting and several older students worried about the rebuilding of Hogwarts. He was about to head back when he saw Harry, Ron and Hermione in their compartment. Hermione and Ron were talking excitedly chattering like chipmunks, but Harry was sitting with his legs crossed looking up at the sky outside the window. Damn he’s cute when he does that! He thought. Then he immediately corrected himself. No, no, no, no, no, no, why are you thinking this! What would father say? He was dragged from his thoughts by the sound of an opening compartment door. “What do you want Malfoy?” Hermione was standing in front of him. Draco looked at her then looked at Harry with a smirk “So Potter’s coming crying back to Hogwarts aye? I bet he couldn’t handle the real world.” Ron gave him a stare cold as ice. Harry got up and said in a voice full of resentment, “Shove off Malfoy, I don’t think you know this but in the real world we don’t strut around as if we own the whole place.” “So great Potter has finally learned from his mistakes.” Draco said with a sneer. “How wonderful!” Ron got up and lunged for Draco, Draco managed to hold him off but he still said, “Listen here Malfoy, Harry said ‘shove off’. So if you plan on not having a bloody nose I really think you should leave.” Hermione and Harry pulled Ron off of him. Draco rose to his feet and strutted away. As he was turning into his own compartment he heard Ron yell behind him, “Not so tough without Crabbe and Goyle are you?” Draco huffed, he knew that Crabbe and Goyle were out of the picture so far as they were both killed last year. Mabey coming to Hogwarts wasn’t such a good idea after all.</p>
  </div>
  