
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>“Get Down!” Hermione Granger shouted as the coffee shop behind her exploded in a brilliant ball of bright blue flames. The residual light from the spell traced a line from the coffee shop window; through the space she had been occupying, past her fellow Aurors, and to the tip of the masked necromancer’s wand. He glared for a moment and her while she reapperated a few meters away, before turning sharply and sprinting around the corner. <br/>“We’re going to lose him.” Ron Weasly commented unhelpfully as he lifted her to her feet.<br/>“He just has to make it a few more blocks and then he can apparate again.”<br/>“I know, I Know” Hermione gasped still gathering her breath from the exertion she had just been put through. The mental, and physical, struggle he had been putting herself through to make this moment possible had nearly drained her over the last three months. Since he had appeared and begun; terrorizing the wizarding community; the Necromancer had somehow successfully avoided detection and detention by the ministry. She had spent the past year and a half hunting him down with the last 90 days being dedicated to organizing this specific trap. After obtaining a questionable lead on his whereabouts, she had a very specific charm commissioned, one that would prevent him from aparating within a one-kilometer radius. Simply hitting her enigmatic opponent with the charm had been difficult, and nearly cost two Aurors their lives. She had been afraid that once he felt cornered he would have fought harder against his assailants, but instead he had somehow seemed to sense the exact nature of her spell, and began running to the nearest edge of the dampening zone. He only stopped every few minutes to throw some dangerous curse or fireball back over his shoulder if any of his would-be-captors got too close for his comfort. So now, with only five blocks and two corners between him and his freedom, and with Hermione and her fellow Aurors closing on his tail, the stakes had never been higher for either of them.<br/>“C’mon! It’s now or never!” She barked, and then took her own advice and dashed around the corner after him. The Necromancer was fast, but she was faster. In addition to being in peak physical shape, she had more than a few potions on board to diminish the impact of her physical and mystical exertion. The Aurors, three on brooms and four on the ground chased after The Necromancer. It was clear after only a few moments that Hermione was pulling ahead. The potions increased her speed more than her peers, and the complicated patchwork of buildings that made up London’s downtown was preventing any form of accuracy from the flyers. Rather than wait for her friends she chose to widen the gap putting on a burst of speed that made her legs scream. She was only a few meters behind her quarry, she fired a spell, but the bouncing that her sprint had caused threw off her aim. The scarlet beam barely missed his head, sailing over his shoulder and demolishing a window on a nearby car. They were mere paces away from the barrier that was enabling the chase. Beyond the shimmering veil, muggles went about their daily lives, and magic flowed with no restrictions Freedom was a matter of moments away, yet it was clear that Hermione would catch The Necromancer before that would become an issue. Rather than making a vain attempt at escape, he whirled around bringing is want to bear at Hermione. There was a flash of blue light as the spell came streaking towards her, she tried to bring a shield to bear, but the hex tore through her still materializing spell like tissue paper. It was clear that she would not be able to block the spell, and didn’t have enough time to dodge. She drew in a breath and prepared for the spell to hit her, bracing for whatever maleffect it would induce.</p>
  </div>
  