
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Hermione stepped out of the used bookstore. She checked the handle to ensure that it was locked the muggle way before tapping her wand to secure the magical wards of her little shop. It had taken her a while to get up and running, but she was proud of it. Now she might have to expand just to fit all the donations she had received. <br/>The idea had come to her after spending so much time with the Weasley’s. She had watched them work hard and save to get all their children’s school supplies. They never complained, but as they’d all gotten older they began better understand how expensive their school supplies were. Hermione had decided that she’d do something about it one day and so she had. <br/>She had started with reaching out to her former classmates to see about purchasing their old books. Most had sent them freely to clear up space. Now she had so many that she was struggling to find space for them all. She even had a section for used, but well cared for, cauldrons, quills, scales, and other school supplies. <br/>She took a step back, smiling as she looked up at her little sign. G.A.B. in large lettering with Granger’s Affordable Books printed smaller below it. Ron had laughed and said, “At least it’s better than S.P.E.W.” But she was proud of it. She didn’t care what Ron thought. It was practical. <br/>She stepped carefully as she headed away from her shop, avoiding a few puddles from the light rain that had fallen. With her head down, she didn’t see the tall figure stepping out of Madame Malkin’s. She walked face first into a broad chest, strong arms wrapped around her shoulders to keep her from falling. “Are you alright, Granger?” a cool, deep voice sounded above her head. <br/>She took a step back, looking up at the man she had run into. “Yes,” she smiled at the familiar face. “Thank you, Blaise. I’m fine.” <br/>“Are you heading home or to Harry’s for dinner?” he asked casually before she could turn to continue on her way. <br/>“I had planned to go home to freshen up first, then I’m headed to Harry’s,” she answered politely. She liked Blaise well enough. He was a bit conceited, in her opinion, but he was intelligent and nice to her. She was honestly surprised at how well they all got on together when Harry had started dating Draco. Ron was sulky at first, but now he had extra chess opponents and Pansy to fuss over him in a way Hermione never would have. <br/>“If you don’t mind the company, perhaps I could walk you home and escort you to the dinner?” Blaise asked casually. She looked up at him, her face suspicious. She walked by the robe shop everyday and he’d never asked to walk with her. He had owned it since Madame Malkin retired around a year ago. He chuckled under her scrutiny. “I made the mistake of taking Ollivander’s grandson out to dinner. He was a complete bore and terrible at kissing. I’m hoping that if I’m not alone, he won’t come out to talk to me when I walk by the wand shop.” <br/>She huffed out a laugh, “I can’t believe you. That’s deplorable.” Putting her hand on her hip with one finger waving in indignation in Blaise’s face, she said sharply, “People aren’t expendable, Blaise Zabini!” She paced a few steps in front of him. “You can’t just go around playing with people’s feelings. What if he actually liked you? Do you really want to keep being that guy?” She stopped her pacing to look up into his face. “Do you even know what it’s like to genuinely like someone and you think they like you, but then they just never talk to you again? Or worse, they talk to you and it’s as if you didn’t even matter to them?” She looked down at the cobblestones in the street before looking back at Blaise. “Have you ever even legitimately cared for anyone?”<br/>Blaise, to his credit, looked chagrined. He shrugged as he looked at Hermione, trying to think of what to say. “I don’t let anyone get that close.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I saw how destroyed my friends were when they had their hearts broken. I saw my mother drink and try to pretend that she wasn’t hurt when I know that she was. I won’t be that person. If I don’t let anyone in, I lose nothing.” <br/>Hermione looked up at him sadly, “You lose the chance to share your life with someone. You lose the chance at a real family, at growing old with someone. You lose love.”<br/>“Says the single woman that’s so focused on her job that she doesn’t see it when men vie for her attention,” Blaise huffed as he rolled his eyes.<br/>Hermione growled in frustration, her fists balling up at her sides. “You are so infuriating!” she snarled as she started walking up the street towards the apparition point. “I’ll have you know that I, unlike some people, haven’t given up on love. I’m just busy.”<br/>“Yes,” Blaise agreed. “You’re too busy to notice Fred Weasley bringing you lunch when he’s not busy, or that bloke that works in the Magical Menagerie that always tries to talk to you. Not to mention the way men look at you when we’re all out at a pub together.” <br/>“Well, you certainly seem to notice a lot,” Hermione hissed. “Why don’t you ever point these things out when they’re happening,” she asked as they passed Ollivander’s. She ignored the way Blaise picked up his pace and kept his face turned away from the door. “Maybe if you pointed out all the attention I was getting, I’d have a story to tell on girl’s night instead of listening to all of Ginny’s quidditch conquests. But noooo, you have to save up all of your gathered intel to throw in my face.” She stepped into the apparition wards, Blaise hot on her heels.<br/>“You’re not getting away that easily,” he muttered as he grabbed her hand. Apparating with her to a spot about a block away from her flat. “You can’t just start an argument and then run away, Granger. You want to scold me about how I treat people and you don’t even know what it is that you want.” She fumbled the keys to her flat as they walked up the few stairs to her building. He picked them up and opened the door holding it open for her. “At least I know what I want. I might not let anyone close, but it’s with good reason. My family has money and power. How do I know who wants me for me and who wants to use me? What’s your excuse for not letting anyone close?”<br/>As they entered her flat, she moved to her bedroom. Ignoring Blaise, she opened her closet and started rifling through her clothing in frustration. He startled her, suddenly standing next to her. He looked at her things for a moment before pulling out a black pencil skirt and a baggy shirt that said ‘Witch, Please’ that Ginny had gotten her as a gag gift. He shoved the clothing at her and started flipping through her belts. “I don’t deliberately keep people away, Blaise,” she mumbled as she turned her back to him and pulled her dress over her head. “My shop means a lot to me.” She had lost some of her irritation as she pulled the shirt on. She looked in the mirror at the outfit and scrunched her nose. “Tucked or no,” she asked. She had grown used to this behavior from Draco and Pansy, both of them often dressing her when they went out. She assumed it was just a Slytherin thing and didn’t question it because she always looked good. <br/>“Tuck it in and pull it up and out a little,” he shrugged as if it didn’t matter, but she knew that it did.<br/>“I worked really hard to get that place up and running. It takes a lot of my focus to keep it going. Parents shouldn’t have to go without so that their children can have school supplies and I like to think that I help with that,” Hermione said to her mirror.<br/>“You do help with that, Hermione,” Blaise said softly in her ear as he wrapped a wide red belt around her waist. His arms coming around her to do up the buckle. “But who helps you? You can’t be all fire and righteous indignation with me if you’re not putting yourself out there either.” He stepped back and handed her a pair of red pumps that she had forgotten she had. “Leave your hair down and wild. Do you have any red lipstick?” <br/>“Yea, I think,” she smiled as she thought of Pansy dragging her around London a few weeks ago in search of the perfect shade of red. “Pansy said every woman in her right mind has a red that suits them. I told her she was crazy.”<br/>“You were both right,” Blaise chuckled, gaining a small laugh from Hermione as well. As she put on a bit of mascara and her red lipstick, she wondered when she had stopped being mad at him. She put the lipstick and her keys into her purse and they headed back out. <br/>She only lived a few blocks from Harry’s so the walk wouldn’t take long. As the crisp autumn air hit her, she shivered a bit and wished she had thought to bring a sweater. She was suddenly wrapped in warmth as Blaise draped her black shawl over her shoulders. “I thought you might need that, so I grabbed it,” was all he said as they made their way down the quiet street.</p>
  </div>
  