
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The air was heavy and cold in the dungeon. The lamps had been blown out hours ago; the common room was dark. The windows were not very useful, as they were surrounded by black water from the lake. Only the strongest of moonbeams made its way in the window and to the shiny tile floor. The floor, though, was shinier than usual. A dark, thick substance was slowly rolling across it, droplets sliding every which way, no destination in sight. The silence in the room was heavy enough to make ears ring. There was not even the sound of a heartbeat. Although, there was someone there, his presence only marked by that one strong moonbeam glinting off his almost platinum blond hair. It was a mix between gelled back and messy, since a hand had roughed it up. The boy was knelt over a body, his face hidden in its neck. <br/>Blood. That was all he could sense. See it, taste it, smell it. So much blood. He had drained the corpse completely, the only thing left to do was clean up what precious substance had been spilled. An easy and familiar task. A flick of his wand, that was all it took. The body, on the other hand, was a task a bit more daunting. The boy stood, wiping his blood stained lips on his sleeve, careful not to catch his fangs on the fabric. “What, oh what, to do with you?” his voice was like a whip through the silence, shattering it, even though the sound was so quiet. He paced from one side of the corpse to the other, shaking his head as if he were judging the deceased. <br/>He was not always this calm and collected after making a kill, especially within the confines of Hogwarts’ walls. It was not always taunting laughs and judging stares. It used to be shaking hands and panicked breaths, tears rolling down his porcelain skin as he muttered ‘I’m sorry’s like a ritual. But now, he had realized that this is what he had to do to survive. He was not going to be sorry for living any longer. He did not ask for this—a life of killing and hiding and obeying orders, but oh! His mother, his selfish cunt of a mother! She could not just let him die, let him die in peace! After an entire childhood of beatings from his wretched father, she could not let him rest! 'Lucius, oh Lucius! Find a way to bring our baby back!’ her voice was almost insulting. It played in the boy’s head much too often. 'Lucius, I love him, and I know you do too!’ Love, something Lucius Malfoy could not understand. His own fucking ego was too large to allow him to love anyone besides himself! Let alone his son. His once so innocent, bright-eyed son. No, he beat him to death, to fucking death! Draco could never forgive him for that. But, even more so, he could never forgive his mother for bringing him back to endure his father’s tauntings and beatings, let alone as a vampire. Anything but sparkling. Always hiding in the shadows, killing innocent people, hoping no one knows the secret. Ah, his father was practically joyous at the fact his son was a vampire! The beatings could not kill him now. They only got worse. Enough reminiscing. <br/>Draco had used an enlarging charm on his black leather bag. Useful for carrying bodies. He laid the bag down on the floor, opening it up and easily sliding the drained corpse inside. He picked up his now a bit heavier than usual bag and slung it over his shoulder. His wand, so simple in appearance, was oh so helpful to him. “Tergeo,” he whispered. The blood was gone, not a trace left on the perfectly clean room. He left the Slytherin common room to dispose of his kill before any of his 'friends’ awoke.</p>
  </div>
  