
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Varis Leonidas Blackthorn stood on the outskirts of the small woods that ringed the northern manor house. Not quite close enough to Veleidir, the main city of the northern fairies, to cause territorial issues, since his father was a wizard, but close enough that he could come and go as he pleased. His father had been Marius Blackthorn who was well respected in wizard society back when he was alive now over 30 years ago since his death in the 1960’s. Well respected until he had fallen in love, though some say enchanted by dark magic, by a faerie sorceress Nimue. They had born two twin children Varis and his sister Tasmin and he had taken them to be raised in faerie culture rather than the wizarding, only half faerie but accepted far more than the wizarding world would have.<br/>
They had both inherited the manor but neither frequented it very often, it was a sad reminder of a distant path. He had only come here on a whim feeling nostalgic for simpler times after a hard council meeting. The Queens Advisor coat was still pinned to his chest it showed a sword and a branch crossed. There was a war coming he thought miserably, the splinter group that had broken off all those years ago were out for blood. He sighed taking solace in the fact that he would have five more years perhaps until the fighting commenced. His Pegasus horse Dalem gave a nicker flapping his pure white wings at a passing fox. Everything was white this far north. The snow covered every inch of the ground though he didn’t feel cold. In the white his features were thrown into a shocking contrast, Dark ink hair that seemed to absorb light stood in a shock on his head throughout it tiny silver strands stood out like stars in the night sky the same was true for each feather of his large wings similar to an angels except that they were only worn as white on formal days. His eyes were a dark blue like night an hour before the sun rises. Like the sky of hell Kieran had called them when they were both curled up in his bed their limbs intertwined. The only other source of colour was the black raven slowly making his decent down to where the half-faerie stood. When the bird was no more than ten feet off the ground the boy lifted his arm and the raven flew onto him cawing in greeting. He smiled wanly at his bird “good to see you to old friend” the bird didn’t respond but took off hovering so that Varis could untie the parchment tied to his leg. “And what does Albus Dumbledore say?” He asked the bird who didn’t respond again but fluttered to his shoulder and cawed into his ear. Having ripped open the seal he read the small slanted handwriting a frown becoming more pronounced on his forehead before stuffing the letter into his pocket.<br/>
He heard a rustling behind him and turned to see the fox, a bright red one with green eyes unusual so far north, of course that wasn’t all that was unusual about it. "I thought you would be busy, second of the guard and all” he addressed the fox which was now standing before him in the shape of his sister. They looked nothing alike, where he had gotten his father’s dark looks; she was all fiery hair and eyes like emeralds. She smiled at him “so, what does Albus Dumbledore want?” He turned away from her and looked at his now dark country home before returning his gaze to his sister. “Perhaps this is a conversation best taken inside.”<br/>
It had taken less than five minutes to bring the house back to life again. Tasmin lit the fires her eyes turning momentarily amber with the magic. Varis’ eyes flashed amber themselves as he lit the library in an orange glow to bright to come merely from the fire place. He seated himself down in the comfortable blue chair with sliver thread making patterns in the back, he sat as he did in his teenage years, back against one armrest, his long legs dangling over the other. In his formal dress suit he looked rather incongruous. Tasmin in keeping with herself sprawled herself out on the three person sofa her head leant back on the armrest with a waterfall of scarlet trailing down to the floor in ringlets. The study would have been more suitable but it was not worth the memories that awaited them. Although neither of them felt the cold, since returning to the warm of the house their cheeks had a slight rosy hue that was lost in the cold.<br/>
“So,” said Tasmin bringing his thoughts back to the conversation outside, stretching her own orange-brown wings out to loosen them after the chill. “What does Albus Dumbledore want?” Varis reached into his pocket and took out the small folded piece of paper and handed it to her silently, his gaze reaching the fireplace and staying there. “The queen will never agree to it” She said finally handing him back the letter which he returned to his pocket. He rubbed his eyes wearily. “I can make her see sense” he replied confidently. Tasmin snorted in return “You believe that?” she asked. He gave her a withering look but didn’t reply. “I’ll ask her tonight” he said thinking back to the invitation to spend the night. He had only four lovers, surprisingly few for even a half-faerie in his position in court, Tasmin had a moderate amount at around ten or twelve he never could remember. In any case, other than Kieran, a prince of the Unseelie court and Raphae a northern faerie like himself with caramel skin and deep brown eyes whom he shared with his sister and Emphoria of the Seelie court with purple hair and eyes the Queen Ophelia (Though Karima was her formal name) was his lover. Not that this would change anything he thought miserably, in fact she was far more likely to make him stay than go still old debts must be repaid.<br/>
“Well,” said Tasmin standing up “good luck to you, send me word of how it goes” Varis stood up to “I will” he said before walking to the door side by side with his sister. She walked past the doors and changed back into a fox before disappearing into the forest. Looking up at the moon Varis decided he had perhaps an hour until the queen would be expecting him and so he went back inside the house to the library.<br/>
“You’re late” the queen said as she opened her balcony window from where Varis had flown in. “My apologies” he said sweeping a bow. She hmmed rather annoyed but soften almost immediately. “Drink?” She asked walking over to a decanter of amber liquid “I can have some moonshine sent up if you’d prefer” Varis declined with a wave of his hand. “In that case” the queen said and kissed him full forced on the lips before removing his jacket.<br/>
Later, when they were both lying in bed, Varis decided to approach the subject he’d been dreading. “I received a message…from Albus Dumbldore” the queen raised her eyebrows but didn’t speak so he continued. “He asks of me to go down for Hogwarts for a bit.” The queen snorted before sitting up to face him, he did the same. “No”<br/>
“Ophelia…” he began<br/>
“No,” she said “I don’t care who asked you, I will not have my advisor running off to be the puppet of some…some wizard” she said the name as if it were something disgusting which annoyed Varis. “My father-“<br/>
“your father was the only good wizard I’ve ever known,” she said harshly before softening her voice. “I know you’ve always had a…softer outlook on wizard since…back then. But they use us V you know they do.”<br/>
“Albus Dumbledore is a good man.” She snorted again “Opheliea!” it was a risk he shouldn’t have taken, she was still his queen and he would never have spoken so sharply to her in court, he certainly wouldn’t have used her name. Fortunately she didn’t throw him in jail so that was a good sign. “A prisoner has escaped from Azkaban- Sirius Black- he’s after Harry Potter, the boy who lived and all that. All he’s asking is that myself and my sister go down and keep an eye on things.”<br/>
“So know he wants my second guard as well! I shan’t have it! You have gone to that world once and look how it panned out for you. Stay here, stay with me. And what of the war? It is approaching and I need you here.” Varis looked at her tiredly, “I will still be able to do my work, the war won’t be critical for another five years he’s asking me for three at most and he’s perfectly willing to allow us back for holidays, I’ll be here for Calypsan and the white moon festival. It is my duty Ophelia, our duty. I will not be dishonoured in his eyes after what he did for us.” He waited with baited breath during a pause before finally she said. “Damn you and your honour. You may go for two years and that is all. You will be back whenever you can especially holidays and you will speak to no one of our secrets.” Varis smiled in relief “of course not” he said. Ophelia hmmed again, “very well,” she said, “know get out and leave me in peace.” He obeyed not wanting to push his luck, kissing her cheek goodbye he got dressed and left the room.<br/>
His sister was waiting on the other side her curly red hair done in a plait and her wings folded behind her one leg propped up on the wall. “well?” she asked sceptically. Varis grinned and nodded at her, the grin must have been infectious because she grinned back. “Go and inform the proper people then,” she said “I’ve got to go work on my glamour” she walked off.<br/>
After a night of delivering messaged via fire and water and sending his raven Nero back and forth Varis finally felt he had told everyone. He stood up feeling tired and trying to remember the last time he had slept. Full blooded faeries could go years without sleep but a Halfling like himself could manage a few weeks at best. Before settling himself down in his room in the right wing of the palace he stood in front of a mirror that was also used to access the king’s roads, a sort of magical shortcut through the faerie and magical regions that kay behind reflections. However at this moment he was using it just as a mirror. He concentrated and began building up the layers of his glamour. This version of fairies magic was similar to transfiguration, it’s wizarding counterpart except that it didn’t really altered his appearance, just how people saw him. He started with the obvious, hiding his wings from sight and shortening his height. He was tall even for a faerie at 7ft but far too tall for a wizard, he made himself appear a respectable 5ft 11. He was still however distinctly faerie, he dulled the points of his ears so they were no longer as noticeable and toned his ink black hair down to a dark brown removing the star-like streaks in it. Then he lightened his eye colour to a deep blue but not quite so dark whilst again removing the star-like glints of silver. Finally he tanned his skin slightly making him seem less ghostly pale. Looking back in the mirror his heart gave a double take. He looked just like his father, almost identical to him in fact. Biting back the sadness that has risen in him he added a final touch of something to make him seem younger, around 13, no longer approaching his 100 birthday though still young in faerie terms. Satisfied with his appearance he went to bed still reeling at his similarness to his father.</p>
  </div>
  