
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Snape liked to walk the halls of Hogwarts late at night.  Especially when he couldn't sleep.  That had become more prevalent since Harry Damn Potter started attending Hogwarts.  He was not looking forward to the trouble the boy might cause him this year.  Bloody brat got him bit in his first year by that bloody 3-headed dog.  During classes he found himself steeling glances at the boy.  Whatever for?  Snape shook his head as if to clear the fog in it.  He trudged on with his wand light on low.  If he caught a student out of bed, all the more fun to torture them with his looming 6' 2" frame over the 1st through 4th year students.  A few 5th and 6th years experiencing a growth spurt could get close to his 6'4" if one counted the 2" heals on his boots.<br/>
*********************************<br/>
Harry sat in his bed, clothed except for shoes.  He pulled his bed sheets over his head.  He flicked his wand to lumos maxima.  He studied the map the twins had given him.  Indeed he could see Filch walking around.  There were another set of footsteps that caught his attention.  "Snape?"  What was he up to?  Funny, Harry sort of expected the ole dungeon bat to do just that, wander around looking for students out of bed well past curfew.  Harry's mind drifted away from the map to his summer vacation from school.  He had turned 13 this past July 31, and boy things seemed to change.  He was having dreams that made his dick hard and he woke up several times a night, sometimes sweating, his heart pounding.  Sometimes he had a wet orgasm, sometimes dry.  The ultimate frustrating and frightening element, he thinks the dark clad man in his dreams was his Potions Professor!

Harry day-dreamed what it might be like to have detention alone with the old bat.  Harry was just beginning to explore his sexuality, albeit him and his hand so far.  He couldn't explain to himself why he fantasized Snape's thin but expert lips sucking him off.  What would Snape's mouth on his feel like?  What would his hands feel like on Harry's hips?  Rough and calloused; or soft and studied; exploring, experienced, eliciting moans from Harry's lips?   Would Snape teach him to kiss, teach him how to make-love?  Or would he be rough and tumble; hair-pulling and ass-splitting rape... Damn!  Harry was driving himself crazy with lust.  What was under all those black robes?</p><p>A courageous, if perhaps mis-guided Gryffindor slipped his feet into his untied sneaks, grabbed his wand and map and set out to the hall where Snape's footprints had been.  Harry wasn't sure if Snape was behind or in front of him.  He turned back and forth trying to decide which way to go.  He heard footsteps.  "Mischief managed," Harry said and tapped his wand to the map.  He folded it quick and stuffed it in the pocket warmer of his sweatshirt.   He was about to say "nox" when an irate Snape was at his back.  "Potter!" he growled.  "What are you doing wandering the corridors at night?"  "Sleepwalking", the Gryffindor managed, even with Snape's very bright wand inches from his nose.  Snape lowered his wand and noticed the bulge in the front pocket of the sweatshirt.  "Turn out your pockets," Snape demanded.  Harry didn't respond right away.  "You must know by now I hate repeating myself!"  Harry fished the blank paper out of his front pocket.  "What's this?" Snape challenged.  "A bit of parchment," was all Harry offered.  Snape rubbed his nose.  This was getting tedious.  "Right.  You're sleepwalking in the corridors, with your shoes on correctly by-the-way, carrying a blank piece of parchment.  Surely you must realize how ridiculous that sounds."  </p><p>"Professor, I wanted to get caught."  Snape was incredulous.   "Whatever for?"  "I need to talk to you.  Privately."  "It can't wait til morning?"  "No sir.  It's been bothering me for a while, and mostly at night and I don't want to talk to Madam Pomfrey."  Snape acquiesced.  "Let's go to my office." Snape wondered briefly if he was going to regret this...</p><p>Harry doused his wand and followed Snape down the corridor then down the dungeon steps to his office.  Harry noticed Snape didn't need to unlock the door.  Snape ushered him inside and indicated he should take a seat on the sofa.  He conjured a small fire and magically lit several candles.  Snape noticed a rack of vials on a side table.  Apparently Lupin hadn't collected his wolfsbane while Snape was out.  Snape hung up his professor robe and crossed the room to his desk and turned to face Harry.  He leaned back, putting his hands behind him on the desk.  He crossed his legs at the ankles.  "Alright, Mr. Potter.   What is so urgent?"</p><p>Harry had to admire the cat-like graceful way Snape walked.  For his height Harry wouldn't think to describe the man as lanky.  "I've been having trouble sleeping.  I wake up...wet."  Snape cocked an eyebrow.  "I assume you rectify that issue."  "Yes, but it keeps happening.  Sometimes three times a night.  It's embarrassing, and it's robbing me of sleep."  Snape raised another eyebrow, considering Harry's 'three times a night' comment. "You can't ask Madam Pomfrey for a dreamless-sleep draught?" "Yes, but she'll ask questions.  I feel like I need a man's advice."  Barmy!  Harry Damn Potter needed his advice?  That's a first.  "Well, it's not unusual to have wet dreams at your age.  Tell me, is there a person the focus in these dreams?"  "Yes sir."  "I see. Very well.  I can give you some dreamless-sleep draughts, up to three a week, up to six weeks, then wean you off.  A moment."  Snape walked over to a cabinet.  He unsheathed his wand from his left sleeve.  He cast a spell to unlock the cabinet, then he put his wand back in his sleeve.  Then he manually unlocked the cabinet.  Then it seemed to Harry that Snape was reciting a rhyme or a poem.  Finally the door to the cabinet opened.  Snape took out three vials.  He proceeded to triple re-lock the cabinet.  Harry was properly impressed.  </p><p>Snape walked back to his desk and set the vials down.  "Mr. Potter, here are three to start.  Only take one every other day.  Even wizards need to dream sometimes.  Come here."  Harry got up nervously.  He approached Snape.  He stopped short, not wanting to get closer than Snape's arm length.  "Take out that parchment again."  Now Harry was just plain scared. He took it out though as instructed.  "Open it."  Harry did as told, as Snape took out his wand.  "Reveal your secrets," Snape tapped the parchment with his wand.  Letters began to appear right side facing Snape as if to insult him.  In fact as the words formed Snape realized he was being insulted.  "Marauder's Map..."  Snape read, then Snape tossed his wand faster than lightening to his left hand.  He closed the gap between Harry and himself and grabbed the front of Harry's sweatshirt and hauled him up within inches of his prominent nose.  "You knew!" Snape accused.  Harry's eyes got huge.  He stood on his toes to try to relieve the uncomfortable pull of his clothes.  "You knew it was me!  You insolent piece of flotsam! I ought to..."  Harry couldn't breath, while Snape raged, couldn't speak.  He started to visibly tremble.  His huge eyes looking every bit like the proverbial doe caught in the on-coming sure death of headlights.  Snape could sense Harry's heart was pounding furiously. Taking a breath between his rampaging words, he let go of Harry's sweatshirt.  Harry swallowed hard and had to step back on one foot to steady himself.  Snape half hooded his eyes with his lashes, gasping softly.  Harry's eyes were glued to Snape's down cast face.  Snape's rambling thoughts had stopped at the doe analogy.  He thought of Lily.  When he looked back at Harry's face, he lifted his hand.  Harry visibly flinched.  Slowly so as not to alarm the doe, Snape curled his fingers and tucked his index finger under Harry's chin, tilting his head up.  Snape let his thumb caress Harry's mouth.  Without quite realizing it Snape bent his head and leaned in closer to those irresistible young willing lips...  Harry, mesmerized, his eyes searching Snape's dark ones, hadn't pulled away from the attention.</p><p>"Severus?"  A voice called.  Snape closed his eyes, letting his hand drop gently.  He stepped back away from Harry, grabbing his desk as Professor Lupin breezed into his office.  "I saw a light.  I thought I might collect...oh, I didn't realize you had company."  Snape turned away from them both.  He sheathed his wand and picked up the vials.  He turned back and handed them to Harry.  "Professor Lupin, would you be kind enough to escort Mr. Potter back to his dorm?"  "Delighted to! Let me collect my potion."  Remus walked to the side table and collected the rack of vials meant for him.  "Grateful, as always...Professor..."  Remus hated talking to the back of someone.  If he ever saw a man who looked like a whole new set of baggage was weighing on thin shoulders it was the man whose fists supported his upper body weight on his desk facing away from him.  Remus glanced at Harry who glanced back and sort of half-shrugged.  "Harry, come with me."</p><p>Remus closed Snape's office door gently.  He and Harry walked in silence for a while.  "Harry, did I interrupt something?"  "Yes sir."  Remus looked sideways at Harry.  When they were almost to Harry's dorm Lupin stopped and had Harry face him.  Lupin placed one hand gently on Harry's trap muscle.  "Harry, do you know what the "age of consent" is?"  Harry shook his head.  "It's a law that determines when a person can consent to sex.  In Scotland it's 16."  "I can't have sex until I'm 16?" Harry squeaked.  "Well, technically, yes."  "That's crazy!"  "So is going to Azkaban for statutory rape."  "I don't understand," Harry replied.  "I could be wrong, Harry, I hope I am... it seems you've got it bad for Snape, though I can't imagine why."  Harry felt revealed, but he couldn't think what to say.  "Try not to feel rejected when he rebuffs your advances, even avoids you.  And as much as you trust your friends I wouldn't mention it.  These things get out some how.  I hope this isn't a ruse Harry.   Don't break his heart."  Harry swallowed hard.  Oddly he hadn't considered that Snape might have a heart worth breaking.  "I think I understand Professor.  Thank you."  Remus nodded and gave Harry's trap a fatherly squeeze.  "Off you go then."  Harry made his way to his dorm room.</p>
  </div>
  