
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The castle was crowded. When she thought crowded, she meant that there were people everywhere – chattering away in the corridors, laughing too loudly in the common room, even whispering all around the library, the only place she thought she could rely on. Hermione couldn’t hear her own thoughts, never mind focus on finishing her reading for the History of Magic and preparing for Potions with the new teacher. The war might be over, the Wizarding world might be saved, but Hermione wasn’t going to let another year go to waste. Part of her still couldn’t get over the fact that the war made her repeat a year. She knew it was unrealistic for them to graduate on time, with all the time wasted running around Great Britain looking for horcruxes and trying to defeat Voldemort once and for all, but when she’d first set foot in Hogwarts she’d never expected to find herself repeating her last year at school.<br/>
First days always brought a lot of memories – first time she met Ron and Harry, first class with the new teachers, first time she realised her life would never be just about getting her education and carving a path to a future successful career. Every corner of the castle had some significance. She remembered running down the grass to Hagrid’s, cheering Harry up from the stands during Quidditch, listening to Dumbledore giving his speech on their first night in the castle. Hermione knew that from now on, everything would be completely different. Harry and Ron weren’t there anymore to accompany her on the way – they chose not to finish school, Harry being himself, already getting offers to work for the Ministry, and Ron never really caring much about education. They kept in touch, of course, and they’s spent most of the summer together, learning the painful way that some people are better to stay just friends.<br/>
She wasn’t sure if Ron held that against her – breaking up with him and deciding to spend the last two weeks of holidays on her own up in Scotland, feeling like she had a lot to think through and adjust to. Harry said he was hurt, but Ron was hurt often and usually got over whatever was bothering him in no time. And at this point in her life, after doing almost everything for others, she needed to be true to herself. And the truth was that she didn’t love him the way she wanted to. There was no need to explain this, no need to analyse her every emotion and feeling. Her gut was telling her she couldn’t go back to Hogwarts tied to someone she knew she didn’t want to spend her life with. And she really needed to focus.<br/>
So, there she was. Strolling through the corridor after corridor crowded with students excited to discover the secrets of the castle, which she herself knew all too well. Starting her seventh year again, hoping this time nothing would stand in her way.<br/>
The higher she climbed, the quieter the hallways got. She was looking for an empty classroom, somewhere she could sit down and do all her work in peace, undisturbed, away from troubling thoughts filled with nostalgia over what had been already lost. Hermione stopped at the first set of doors she encountered; it was slightly open, so she pushed it looking inside to find the class not so empty at all.<br/>
Instinctively, the girl took the step back, but she didn’t leave, watching two people inside who clearly were too preoccupied with themselves to notice her presence. She watched the way the girl’s fingers were woven into the platinum blond her of the boy in front of her; the way her skirt rolled up higher than it was intended to, when her legs wrapped around his waist. She noticed her hand clenched around the edge of the desk she was sitting on, and his jacket, thrown carelessly on the ground next to his emerald green tie. Hermione, embarrassed after realising what was happening, took a step back, and then another, trying to get as far away from the room as possible before one of them opened their eyes and noticed her staring. Startled, she let go of one of her books and almost in slow motion watched it fall down to the ground. The sound of the falling volume echoed around her, and the last thing she saw before running away was Pansy Parkinson looking at her surprised and Draco Malfoy stepping back from her. </p><p>By the time she got to her dorm, Hermione was out of breath. She chastised herself in her head for standing there for too long, for carrying her book in her hand rather than inside the bag, for staring at two people doing something that clearly wasn’t meant for anyone else’s eyes. She blushed from embarrassment at the very thought of them catching her looking, but at the same time the more she tried to distract herself with schoolwork, the more her mind was drifting back to that classroom. She was intrigued by how well Draco and Pansy fit together, at least in that moment. She was jealous, because no matter how hard she tried, she could never make her and Ron work that well. It was as much about the physical attraction as it was about anything else. Sometimes she would kiss Ron just to make him stop talking, and when she closed her eyes, she always imagined it was someone else. Not anyone in particular, just anyone but Ron. His kisses were always too wet, too sloppy, too eager. At first Hermione really though they could make it – after they left Hogwarts holding hands her heart actually skipped a bit when she looked at the ginger boy next to her. But maybe, at that time, she’d been too desperate, too oblivious to everything else she would be able to feel. She mistook the feeling of comfort for love, mistook the need for desire. Part of her knew all too well why she was ready to settle for the first person that seemed to truly adore her. It’s not like she hadn’t been bullied through most of her life – for being too smart and too ugly, for having hair that was too big and mind that was too ambitious. Eventually, her insecurities became an innate part of who she was, and Hermione believed, for the longest time, that they were all true. Ron seemed to be able to look past them, seeing her for who she really was. She got her hair under control, she learned to accept the ambition that was the driving force behind her every decision, but she never stopped believing in what everyone had always said about her. Hermione wanted more from life and she couldn’t cling to safety forever. Maybe coming back to Hogwarts for the last time was her chance of finding out what life really had to offer, and more importantly to see what she really wanted from life?<br/>
All of this did not change the fact that what she saw, she couldn’t un-see. And she knew, probably all too well, talking from experience of sharing a classroom with these two for almost 7 years, that Draco and Pansy wouldn’t let it go. Unlucky for her, her first class the next day was Potions with no one else but Slytherins. </p><p>The next morning Hermione decided to skip breakfast. She woke up with her stomach tied into a knot and she didn’t want to give Draco and Pansy a chance of embarrassing her in front of the whole school, including their teachers. She headed to class earlier than everyone, taking a seat at the front as she always had, and almost instantly burying her nose in a book. Not long after, other students started to show up and she had to put all her effort into keeping herself from raising her head up every time she heard someone approach. She glanced at the watch on her wrist and for a brief moment she hoped maybe the two Slytherins wouldn’t come.<br/>
‘You forgot something, Granger’ the book slammed down on the desk in front of her and Hermione closed her eyes for a second, preparing for the worst. She resisted raising her eyes at Pansy, instead focusing her sight on the book. ‘What, are you afraid to look at me now?’ the girl asked, before nonchalantly falling down on a chair next to Hermione. ‘You didn’t seem to have a problem with that yesterday’ Pansy leaned in closer looking above her shoulder, and Hermione could smell her perfume – notes of vanilla, musk and orange blossom, exactly what she’d imagine Pansy Parkinson to smell like. She was going to just keep ignoring her, but then remembered that Pansy was just another bully, and Hermione wasn’t going to let her ruin this year as well. She closed the book, probably too abruptly, and faced the black-haired girl.<br/>
‘Look, Pansy. I’m sorry for interrupting you yesterday, but I really couldn’t care less about what you and Draco get up to in empty classrooms. Thanks for bringing my book back, but now if you don’t mind…’ she turned away again, expecting Pansy to stand up and go to the back of the class usually occupied by the Slytherins. Instead, the girl just leaned back in her chair and took out her parchment and a quill. Before Hermione came up with anything else to say to her, the new Potions teacher walked in.</p><p>‘Good morning class, I’m so glad to see all your happy, well-rested faces!’ she exclaimed cheery and Hermione couldn’t help but notice how different she was from Snape. It was difficult to believe she was both their new teacher and Head of Slytherin. ‘I thought for this year we’d do things a bit differently. I prepared a set of projects you’ll be working on, all requiring you to brew a certain potion and write up notes and observations about the process. All will be done in groups of 3 to 4 students, so please, before I reveal the first potion, sit down in your groups’ the classroom suddenly became buzzing with voices of student chatting to each other and moving their chairs around. Hermione got up to her feet rapidly trying to find a familiar face she could pair up with, at the same time noticing Pansy sitting calmly in her chair with a smug smile on her face. A minute later, Draco appeared next to her, sending her a brief wink before looking at Hermione.<br/>
‘Granger, what a pleasure. I guess that leaves the three of us’ he smiled, sitting down on a chair to her right. Suddenly she was trapped in between to people she hated the most, with the feeling being definitely mutual.<br/>
‘I’m… I’m sure there are others…’ she started but was immediately silenced by their teacher. Draco rested his arm on the back of her chair, leaning in to whisper into her ear.<br/>
‘Calm down, Granger. How about we stop fucking around and call it a truce?’ he bared his teeth in a smile, before turning his attention to Professor Lennox.<br/>
‘Good, excellent! So, without further ado, your first assignment for this year is… Veritaserum!’ couple people, including Hermione, gasped in shock. It was commonly known that veritaserum was an advanced potion fairly difficult to prepare. Professor Lennox smiled at their reaction, handing each group parchment with assignment details, before proceeding with a lecture about the potion itself. </p><p>‘Truce?!’ Hermione exclaimed, throwing her things in a bag and storming out of the classroom. Pansy rolled her eyes and followed in her footsteps, dragging Draco behind her ‘You must be kidding me, Malfoy. What on Merlin’s beard would make you think I’d ever call a truce with you, out of all people in this damn castle?’ she walked out of the dungeon and stepped to the side, letting other students pass. Draco crossed his arms looking, as always, not bothered at all. Hermione noticed he was different – more put together, calmer, maybe even less mean. She could only imagine what last year did to him. She wasn’t sure if he still carried the dark mark on his forearm, but if he did, it must have been a painful reminder of his past. But nothing could ever excuse the years of bulling everyone in Hogwarts endured. Nothing could diminish the fact that he called her a Mudblood. On the other hand, she remembered the bent back and the eyes full of pain of a boy standing opposite his parents supporting the Dark Lord. She saw, right there when they were calling his name, that he didn’t want the life that was carved out for him by his father. At that moment, he didn’t look like his father’s son. And she couldn’t ignore that small, but meaningful gesture of him throwing Harry his wand. Was it possible that Draco Malfoy changed? Was this why he came back to Hogwarts? To redeem himself and, instead of following in his father’s steps, to create a life of his own?<br/>
‘For fuck’s sake, Granger, do you always have to be so uptight? Told you, Parkinson, that mudblood would never...’<br/>
‘Draco don’t’ Pansy squeezed his arm, stopping him from walking away. Hermione stood in her place, her face completely blank, hearing this one word echoing in her head. She couldn’t believe that for a brief second she was ready to believe Draco Malfoy actually changed.<br/>
‘Fuck you, Malfoy’ Hermione adjusted the strap of her bag and walked away. She had enough respect for herself to not let anyone, let alone Draco Malfoy, push her around. </p><p>‘Granger! Hermione!’ she didn’t get very far before she heard footsteps and Pansy calling after her. She didn’t stop, didn’t even turn around until she felt the girl’s hand tightening around her arm.<br/>
‘What do you want, Pansy?’ she asked completely resigned. She didn’t have any energy left to fight anymore. All she wanted when coming back to Hogwarts was to graduate. No drama, no interruptions, no distraction. This year was all about studying, the rest of her life was for figuring stuff out. She left the comfort of a relationship with Ron, and friendship with him and Harry behind, but she wasn’t ready to give up the comfort of books, the familiar thrill she got each time she stepped into the library. It was only the first week, the first day, and she already got herself mixed up with Pansy and Draco.<br/>
‘I’m sorry’ the Slytherin girl answered and Hermione could sense the struggle she went through just to say these two words. Clearly, Pansy Parkinson didn’t apologize to anyone very often, and Hermione was convinced she didn’t really mean it. ‘Draco is… adjusting. His parents split up, his father disowned him, and he doesn’t have anyone left, well, except me’ the tone of Pansy’s voice didn’t go with her words. They were apologetic, as if she was attempting to ask for Hermione’s forgiveness, but her voice and her body language, with arms crossed at her chest, were defensive, as if she didn’t care about Hermione’s reaction. It was the first time she was actually able to get a good look at her, and Hermione started to wonder if everything Pansy had ever seemed to her – mean, obnoxious, self-centred – was just an act put together by a girl who found herself in the company of the wrong people, trying to put on a mask to make herself fit in. And maybe she’d been doing this for long enough for the mask to actually sink in.<br/>
‘I don’t see how this has anything to do with me’ this time it was Hermione crossing her arms, making herself more unreachable. She couldn’t rely just on her own assumptions.<br/>
‘Look, it doesn’t come… easy to me, saying this’ Pansy started, clearing her throat and quite visibly battling with herself ‘And if you ever repeat this to anyone, I will make you suffer’ she added and Hermione realised that she was getting more frustrated ‘But we’re all trying to, I don’t know, redeem ourselves after what happened last year. I’m not a good person, but I believe you see yourself as one, and isn’t forgiveness something good people practice?’<br/>
‘It’s not just about what happened last year. It’s about everything that happened before that. You, both of you, bullied me, and others like me, for years. Do you expect me to just forget that all because suddenly we’re here together? Do you want us to bond over coming back to school? There’s nothing that could excuse your behaviour’ Hermione was raising her voice with each word, and she could feel her eyes filling with tears.<br/>
‘We were just kids…’<br/>
‘I was a kid too, Pansy! But I would never call anyone a Mudblood. I would never mock anyone for their hair, or their teeth, or being ambitious and committed. This is not an excuse. Just leave me alone, please’ </p><p>Hermione threw herself on her bed, covered her head with a pillow and screamed. She wasn’t sad, she was way past the stage when she felt sad about being called a Mudblood. She was angry, annoyed, enraged at the fact that, once again, her life was being ruined by Slytherins. At the same time, she knew there was validity to whatever Pansy said, but she was too stubborn and too proud to actually let go. Her thoughts were all over the place and she didn’t know how to make sense of any of it. She wouldn’t be able to avoid them – they were tied together by the class project, so the only question remained whether she’d be able to swallow her pride and call it a truce or carry on as mortal enemies.<br/>
And then remembered the events of the previous day. She couldn’t forget the sight of Pansy and Draco in that empty classroom. Every time her mind drifted back to that moment her heart sunk a bit and she couldn’t tell why. She told herself it was jealousy because she never felt whatever they’d seemed to feel in that moment, but maybe this wasn’t all she was jealous of. It wasn’t just about her being embarrassed because of walking in on them, but rather about everything that came after – the smell of Pansy’s perfume in the classroom, Draco’s warm breath on her cheek. The harder she tried not to think of both of them, the harder it was to actually stop. She told herself it was post-break-up sadness; after all, not everything about being with Ron was completely and utterly terrible. She missed the feeling of having someone to rely on, even if that person wasn’t the most reliable. She missed being hugged, and held, and she missed feeling like she belonged – not to someone, but with someone. The point was, she never belonged with Ron the way Pansy belonged with Draco. They seemed to complete each other like well-measured ingredients in the most poisonous brew, meanwhile Hermione and Ron were two you should never mix together.<br/>
That night, she battled with her thoughts, all tangled into a complicated spiral, only to wake up and realise there was a lot more she needed to deal with.</p>
  </div>
  