
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The Knight family was once a greatly respected pureblood clan. They were traditional and haughty, proud and determined. Violent and hot headed. They molded some of the best foot soldiers of the day during their peak in the wizarding wars. Knights were well trained, aggressive, feared practically nothing, and had an agenda to fill. They were willing to die for it. Kill for it. Or even worse.<br/>
Sons were soldiers, daughters were to make more sons and act as back up soldiers. They fought and died for the cause of wizard (pureblood) supremacy. In a duel, a Knight was ruthless. They shouldered their blood stained legacy with pride, and take charge of battles. They believed violence was often the only answer. They weren’t like some of their other traditional wealthy counterparts, such as the Emersons and Malfoys, who were classy, subtle and dangerous. The Knights were anything but subtle, equally as dangerous, and possessed explosive tempers. </p><p>Because of this and their steadfast beliefs, it was nearly impossible to leave the family. The only way a Knight who wanted out of the bloodshed and violence was to kill the current head of the family by besting them in a duel. It was a huge deal when someone tried to leave or take over. A grand spectacle and ordeal. Nicole Knight often remembered seeing cousins she barely knew from families all over the place gathering to see someone challenge her father’s authority or try to get away. Everyone had to watch. If you were weak and looked away, you were punished too. Weakness was not tolerated. </p><p>Nicole was 6 when she saw her father kill someone with her own eyes for the first time. She was familiar with the violence of his hand and the pain that came from his wand. Her own developing magic became defensive, and the more she fought with her cousins, the more offensive it became. But being so young, she was nothing like her father. Not yet. Her cousin Joseph made a mistake- he fell in love with a muggle woman. Such relationships were forbidden. Muggles were animals, mudbloods were unworthy. But he didn’t care. Joseph was in love, and he’d do anything for this woman. So he challenged Nathaniel for his freedom. For the love of this woman. The woman was there that day. She watched, her head held high, tears in her eyes and a brave look on her face. There to support the man she loved despite the fear, the hate, and the violence. As a child, she didn’t know, but the woman’s belly protruded slightly. They weren’t just in love, she was carrying their child.<br/>
The duel itself felt like it went on for years. Nicole can remember watching it happen in slow motion. Screamed curses, paranoia, and insane determination. Blood, spit, sweat, screaming, sobbing, insults, more curses, a hex or two, Joseph’s screams of pain and his ferocious determination. She can remember gasping in shock when Joe landed a hit on her father. She thought it was over, but he was only bleeding, not dead. That was the moment it all slowed down. When Nathaniel killed his nephew Joe, Nicole met his eyes and she watched the light fade and the thud of his lifeless body that was her older cousin hit the ground and she felt it echo through her entire body. He was dead. Cheers erupted. The traitor was put down. Nicole was shocked. And scared. She was no stranger to violence… but death…in that moment, she suddenly remembered that the woman was there. She looked around frantically trying to find her, and saw her. The woman screamed and sobbed at the top of her lungs. She cursed and begged and pleaded as two of Nicole’s uncles dragged her away. She was never seen again. Nicole didn’t even know her name. </p><p>Nicole’s mother died shortly after she was born. Throughout her childhood, she had a few step-mothers to worry about in addition to her father. When she was 7, Nathaniel married a woman named Antoinette Jean Beaufort. She was the daughter of a French count. She came from old money and old values. The perfect woman. The one good thing Nicole learned from her was French. Antoinette was a ruthless and cruel as her father. Too often Nicole’s face met the back of her hand or the dangerous end of her wand. So Nicole kept her mouth shut. Antoinette taught her how to be a lady- quiet, respectful, speaking when spoken to, taking the shit and doing harm, and of course, proper manners. Antoinette didn’t tolerate slip-ups or mistakes. She had to get it right the first time. This bred a kind of determination mixed with self-hatred in Nicole. She kept up with her lessons out of pure spite and hatred. </p><p>Shortly before she started Hogwarts, Antoinette seemed to be very sick. Listening in on the house elves gossip, she learned that Antoinette was going to have a baby, but she lost the baby. She had a ‘miscarriage’. Nicole wasn’t sure what that was, but it involved making her father angry and Antoinette bleeding more than normally because of him, so she stayed away from that noise. She knew that asking questions wouldn’t keep her alive. </p><p>September came and she was off to Hogwarts to fill a legacy. Upon sorting, the hat nearly put her in Ravenclaw, but decided Slytherin fit her better. It gave her a tip- stay smart to stay alive. It was a good tip. Despite the legacy she shouldered, she was the happiest she’d ever been. She was away from her family and for the first time, she was making friends. A few weeks in, she got a letter saying her step-mother had died. But Nicole was so happy she didn’t care.<br/>
Despite being a girl, Nicole wasn’t exempt from being trained to be a soldier. She worked hard, she fought hard, and shockingly, her father praised her on how powerful and ruthless she was. It made her happy to be praised by him, but at the same time, she felt sick. She didn’t want to be like him, but being like him and putting her cousins in the hospital after duels was keeping her alive. This was a tactic she held on to no matter what. She had to. Her father made it very clear that her only use would be to bear sons to fight for the cause and to bear daughters to bear more sons. And that once he had a son, she was disposable. She knew that. But she inherited that hot headed, blind determination along with her brain. She wouldn’t go down. She couldn’t.<br/>
When Nicole was 14, her father took another wife- Elizabeth Victoria Maedwill. Her maiden name was pronounced ‘made will’, but privately, Nicole always pronounced it “mad will”. Elizabeth was… quite mad. She was unbalanced, aggressive, unstable, and violent behind closed doors. A shining example of the ideal pureblood woman. She took charge of Nicole’s manners and studies as the matriarch of the house. She was more aggressive than Antoinette. It wasn’t common for Nicole to leave late night studies bleeding, bruised and barely able to walk. But still she persisted. Stay alive. Go with the flow. What could she possibly have to fight for? She was their obedient daughter.<br/>
Nicole was oddly grateful that their marriage didn’t last long. Only about a year and a half. They were trying to conceive, but couldn’t. A rare trip to the hospital revealed that Elizabeth was infertile. Too much inbreeding in her family, apparently. Before Nicole left for her fifth year of school, Elizabeth quietly disappeared during a family gathering when her uncle tried to challenge her father’s authority. Her uncle was killed, and Elizabeth vanished too. Nicole was unbothered by it this time. Elizabeth should have considered her fertility before marrying her father, who needed a son. It was her own fault. </p><p>After another failed marriage and Nicole quickly coming of age, Nathaniel started to focus on his daughter and consider suitors for her. Nicole didn’t have much preference, as long has he was at least pleasant to talk to and didn’t beat her too often. She had never really considered romantic love to be an important factor. That is.. Until her fifth year.  </p><p>She met a boy named Luke. He was also a slytherin, and she knew that he existed, but they had never really talked. One night as she entered the common room after leaving the library, she spotted him quietly nursing a wound in the corner. His pain felt familiar. The only thing she really knew about him was that his father was a blood traitor and Luke therefore a mudblood. Untouchable. But….. He did have such pretty eyes. It was hard to break the occasional eye contact with him. And… no one would know she was nice to him. They were alone and her father was nowhere in sight. So she approached him and helped him heal up. And they started talking. And talking. And talking. All night. For the next several days, to weeks to months. They were friends, but this was different. He made her happier than her other friends. A different kind of happy. He made her feel beautiful and wanted. She didn’t’ feel like a piece of meat to him. She felt like a person. She felt beautiful and special. She felt something more intense than she’d felt before. She had always been so careful to keep her walls up, even around the cousins she was close with, but it was so effortless for Luke to ease into her heart and start to take them down. It was blissful and sweet and warm. It was amazing. It was connection. It was mutual understanding. Luke didn’t have a good home life either. They shared one another’s pain, and reveled in one another’s joy. It was so human. Nicole cherished every second of it.<br/>
But of course, it didn’t go perfectly for too long. They started to date, and did their best to keep it secret, but it was hard with how much they saw one another. Being a girl of reputation, sometimes it was hard for Nicole to avoid trouble, but often it was her rep that kept her out of it. But the same couldn’t be said for her boyfriend when rumors of their relationship spread. Enter Camden Emerson. From a bloodstained legacy himself and secretly shagging her cousin Thomas, Camden wanted to prove himself by fighting a Knight and winning, but he didn’t dare take on Nicole, so instead she found herself shooting daggers at him in class when he picked on her boyfriend when she wasn’t around. Lucky for him he was fast, devious, and smooching her cousin, which kept him away from Nicole’s wrath. But… this will come into play more later. </p><p>When Nathaniel found out his daughter was being stained by a mudblood, he was furious. Nicole had never seen him so angry and dangerous. She took her punishment, but it was different this time. She was…. Angrier than she had ever been. She wanted to fight back. But she knew now wasn’t the time. If she reacted too strongly, he might kill Luke. Or worse. So she took it but the fire inside her only grew. After that, it was both scary and comforting to return to school and collapse in Luke’s arms. He was the only person she every felt comfortable crying in front of. And seeing him, scruffy, stubborn and a bit beat up himself as he snuck into her dorm… she couldn’t bare the thought of losing him. And she cried. And that was okay. She could protect Luke and she’d fight for him; even if fighting for him meant not fighting at all. </p><p>In her sixth year, she still dated Luke despite her father’s orders. Nathaniel grew more furious as time went on. Her punishments got harsher. But she didn’t care. She found a person that was worth fighting for. Someone who gave her motivation to do more than just survive, but to live. That was when her father brought a suitor into play. The day she met that fucker was a day she’d never forget. She and Luke were down by the lake, cuddling and chatting with a few friends when he approached. He was older than her. Maybe early twenties. Hulking, huge, he came out of nowhere and yanked her to her feet, shouting right away and shaking her aggressively. This was a show. She knew it. He wanted to break her and make her submit. As he did this, she pooled magic in her palms, ready to fuck him up and defend herself and her man, but she fell to the ground before she could. He let her go because Luke lunged at him, fists flying, shouting furiously, shooting spells and… defending her. Luke was… fighting for her. Fighting a fight he knew damn well he wouldn’t win, but he was doing it anyway. She remembered feeling her throat get tight, but she didn’t let herself cry. Merlin, she loved this boy, and he loved her too. She was worth defending. She didn’t have to do it all alone. That meant more than words could say. And hell, somehow her scrappy man pulled through. He beat the guy into oblivion. He wasn’t exactly unscathed, in fact he was pretty messed up, but she couldn’t stop kissing him.  This was determination. This was loyalty. This was… love. </p><p>Eventually as war came into full swing, things went to hell again and the fire inside Nicole burned brighter and deeper. As the battle of Hogwarts hit, her fury got closer to climax. Now, she’ll say it’s a bit blurry, but she remembers it quite clearly. Tearing through the castle at full speed with Luke, Colton, and Artemis at her side, everything was chaos. Screaming, sobbing, spells, blood, the whole shebang. Those three were interpretable, and she was close with all of them. But… this had to end. She didn’t want the people she cared about to get hurt- any of them. She was going to /do/ something. But her friends had similar ideas. Her gut told her they’d be safer together, but… she didn’t want them to know she was her father’s daughter. In the chaos, she slipped away. Under the staircase on the third floor, she pulled her supplies out. A red cloak, a mask, potions, and a few of Colton’s homemade bombs that she slipped away. </p><p>She tied her hair back and suited up, and dove into the fray. The details are sharp but blurred. She remembers which of her cousins and other death eaters were killed because of her or by her, but she moved so fast and with such skill, how they died is a blur. She helped clear out the entire floor, and decided that was enough. She dropped her gear and rushed back to her friends, deciding that she would pretend to have been separated. As she dashed to where she last saw them, she heard a familiar cry of anguish. She whipped around and saw Camden Emerson, collapsed and broken over the body of her cousin Thomas. She froze in place and clapped a hand over her mouth. Tears she couldn’t control poured from her eyes. She shook slightly. She had to keep going. Thomas was gone, and so was Camden, if only metaphorically. She started to run again, but her feet dragged. They weighed on her like lead and she had to stop at some point to catch her breath and not choke on her own tears. She had considered Thomas a friend. Her lip trembled and she glanced around the hall she was in. She let out a squeak when she saw other familiar faces. Heather and Aspen. No. no not them too. She couldn’t look. She barely recognized them. She started to shake again. The fire inside her burned and she screamed. It was a loud, anguished sound. She held it for several seconds until she couldn’t breathe. She collapsed against the wall. They didn’t deserve this. All these people dead, these hearts bleeding, these families broken and for WHAT?! She puked. Suddenly the weight of everything- who she was, who she could be, where she came from and what she had done that night hit her. She was one of the bad guys. Motive doesn’t excuse murder. She puked again. It ends. It has to end. These people deserve freedom. They deserve love. They deserve second chances. She sobbed openly for several minutes as the weight of her heart suffocated her and the world crumbled around her.<br/>
Eventually, she caught her breath and the fire in her soul made her scream again. She ripped herself off of the ground and sped through the castle. She couldn’t save everyone, but she could try to get them out alive. Find them first, then get out. She flashed back to her training. Her father told her that the best moment to strike an opponent was when they were weak and expected nothing from you. That was when you go for the kill. A bitter tasted flooded her mouth as she ran, remembering those words. But he was right. Now was not the time. She practically flew up the stairs to where she last saw Luke, Colton and Artemis. </p><p>She heard all too familiar voices screaming and the blood drained from her face. She ran up on them and didn’t expect what she saw. Luke was bruised, bloodied and battered, glass shards crudely sticking from his body as he sobbed beside Colton. Colton was lying in a pool of his own blood, face down. His entire back was ripped open. Clean open. Nerve and muscle exposed. But he was alive and weakly talked Luke through how to patch him up. She was frozen as Luke healed their friend with shaking hands. She barely looked away from them as she casually blasted an approaching death eater away from them. Suddenly it hit her- where was Artemis? She couldn’t be far. Just as Nicole wondered this, Artie’s screams pierced her ears she whipped around, and saw a weak, bloody Colton screaming her name and trying to move as Luke bolted in the direction of the other girl. Watching strange men with their hands on her friend forced Nicole to move again and she took off after Luke. He fought them, and before she could join, they caught them off guard with an explosion, sending both of them flying. And Artemis was gone. Colton was dying. Luke was unconscious. She failed.<br/>
Nicole doesn’t remember numbly scooping up Luke and lying beside a dying Colton with him. She doesn’t remember the aurors bursting through and taking them to hospital. She doesn’t remember her father beating her senseless. It’s all a blur. A numb, cold blur. </p><p>She does remember packing a bag and fleeing the Knight mansion as law enforcement arrived. She remembers slipping potential leads about Artemis to the aurors Luke met. She remembers… slowly recovering. She remembers feeling free in the chaos. The ministry was tearing hers and other families apart. So she ran. So did others. She ran away with her friends. Despite the pain… they were going to be okay. She knew that in her heart of hearts.<br/>
A few years passed and things were again going pretty well for a change. Her family was disorganized and in shambles trying to reorganize despite the ministry, and they lost a lot of people in the war and simply… couldn’t pull it off. Luke was in his auror training, and she made sure to build him up and ensure him he could do it because she was just so proud of him. She had always loved and admired his grit and determination and really truly believed in him. Colton was going to university for medicine, something they all knew he’d excel at, and seeking some physical therapy for his back. The miracle was that he wasn’t paralyzed. And… Artie was still missing. Officially, she was declared dead; a casualty of war. But… The remaining three- especially Colton. Never gave up hope. Not really. Luke seemed to always have a file about Artie somewhere in the house. </p><p>The house. Luke and Nicole were living together and slowly but surely redecorating his parent’s house. It was the freest Nicole had felt in years. The most free she had felt ever, actually. One afternoon when they were painting, Nicole went back upstairs to get more tarp so they could finish and have some lunch and take a break. When she came back downstairs, Luke was in the center of the room on his knees with a ring in his hand. She froze and tears welled up in her eyes. This was it. This was what she thought she would never have. She barely heard his proposal as a teary grin split her face. Once she saw his lips stop moving, she tackled him and kissed him over and over again. Between kisses she heard him laughing, “is that a yes?” “Fuck yes it is, Luke Micheal”.<br/>
They came down from the joy of their engagement rather quickly, and Luke and Nicole began planning a wedding. It was the happiest Nicole had been in a long time, but… something was weighing on her. Nathaniel. She had managed to slip away, along with others in the chaos, but she was his only child. He wouldn’t let her get away that easily. There were whispers of some families trying to re-organize. This frightened Nicole. She knew she had to do something or Nathaniel would find out eventually and come after them. About two weeks before their wedding, Nicole gave Luke a kiss goodbye and was excited to take her first muggle train to bring some old friends into town to be her bridesmaids. She sent out a few owls and made the necessary arrangements. They had been to rehearsals, dress fittings, all that- but a few of Nicole’s old friends were coming to stay with them in the few week up until the wedding. But she lied to Luke. Sort of. She was going to collect a few dear friends and spend some time with them before going into full swing wedding mode but… she had a stop to make first. </p><p>Nicole was surprised to learn that a muggle train wasn’t that much different from the Hogwarts train she had come to know. It was slower, she felt, more crowded, but… she liked it. She had always enjoyed people watching. But she was tense. She had on her dark red cloak. That drew a few curious looks, but most people didn’t seem to care too much. Under the cloak, she wore a simple white dress and pumps. She smiled to herself slightly. She had always felt it was easier to blend in with muggles if you wore dresses and simple colors. She toyed with the large ruby around her neck. It was her mother’s once. And now it was hers. Someone new. The next generation. She straightened up as her stop came up. A new generation meant new rules on the playing field. It had to be done. </p><p>She walked quietly through a small village. The sun was setting and the residents were slowly but surely starting to retire. She drew her wand under her cloak and tapped herself with it silently. She shimmered like a mirage and she disappeared and walked among them like a shadow. She stayed silent as she reached the edge of the town. She broke her own silence as she reached the winding road and took a deep breath. She followed it carefully and treated the well-worn path like an old friend.  She didn’t slow as the path took an incline up a hill and through the trees. She kept her pace. After a few minutes, she spotted it. Her childhood hell hole; the Knight mansion.<br/>
It was a massive monument to blood money made of brick and stone. The building itself was ancient- it dated back to well before the 11th century. The sides were covered in sinister vines that seemed to be trying and failing to choke the life out of the mighty building. Decorating the tops of the roof for higher areas was what from a distance one might think was a cross, but it was in fact a sword. Nicole couldn’t see it, but she knew the inscription that was carved into it; Dubitas tenentem gladium cruore maculatur nec. Never doubt he who holds the blood stained sword. Classy. </p><p>She approached the huge doors, and didn’t bother to knock. She kicked them open with a mighty blow and found that her relatives had already gathered. Countless faces turned towards her as she did so, and a cold breeze blew behind her. Nathaniel stood in the center of them, waiting for her.</p><p>“And here I thought you would never show up” he chided, like she was late for dinner, “You know how I just relish any chance to put you in your place, Nicky” he cooed.<br/>
Nicole didn’t answer. She dropped her hood and tied her hair into a knot on top of her head. She looked at him and her eyes shot ice cold daggers. Nathaniel seemed to take a step back.<br/>
“Well make your declaration so I can end this, you filthy little traitor” he said, returning her glare. House elves shuffled around and shut the door behind her. She suppressed a shudder. House elves weren’t the only slaves her father owned.<br/>
The fire in her soul burned and snarled. She found her voice.</p><p>“Nathaniel Edward Knight. You and our fore fathers have done unspeakable things. You are a killer, a liar, a rapist, and it is /you/ who is the traitor.” She paused and let that sink in as hushed whispers flowed through her relatives. “All of that comes to an end today. You will pay the ultimate price for everything our family has done.” She met her father’s eyes, “I, Nicole Jaqueline Knight challenge you for the right to rule!”<br/>
“Challenge accepted,” Nathaniel shot back, “AVADA KADAVRA” he bellowed instantly.</p><p>Nicole’s breath caught in her throat as she spun out of the way. The hot, green light sped past her face. It was so fast, she couldn’t be sure what she heard, but she was positive the spell was screaming. She didn’t have time to catch her breath before Nathaniel was preparing to fire at her again. She reached in her cloak and drew her dagger and put her wand where the dagger once was. She wanted to be up close and personal. He fired an incantation she had never heard before as she slipped out of the way again. She ran at him and that shocked him. She grabbed his arm, “CRUCIO” she screamed.</p><p>A blast of energy exploded from her hand and instantly connected with her father’s arm. He screamed in agony and fell to his knees. Nicole felt a cruel gratification in his pain. They were the only ones in the house making any sound. Everyone else was silent. He let out a scream of fury “REDUCTO!” Nicole let out a scream of shock and pain as she flew across the room. She hit the wall and gasped in pain. “Get up. Get up, get up” she hissed at herself. She spit out a tooth and winced as she tried to stand. Bruised for sure, possibly broken ribs. Nathaniel smiled, “How about a taste of that yourself, hm? Crucio!”</p><p>Every second was agony. She screamed and twitched as knives poked and ripped at her skin, freezing cold and sizzling hot at the same time. She fell to her hands and knees, hair a mess, shaken and panting. She looked around as Nathaniel approached her slowly. She had to outsmart him. Think, think- She spotted the oil lamps on the wall and smiled. Idiots won’t upgrade to electricity. She raised a shaky arm and gripped her dagger for dear life. She aimed at her father and pretended to miss “R-reducto!” she cried weakly as the oil lamps on one side of the room shattered. Light went out and oil leaked on the floor. Perfect.</p><p>“You’re weak. Just like your mother was. I was glad to be rid of her- got a good price too.”</p><p>Nicole’s head shot up, “What did you say?” She demanded.</p><p>Nathaniel smiled, “I know you know about my girls. You really think your mother died? Of course not! She was like you- strong willed and stubborn as hell. I couldn’t have her giving you ideas.”</p><p>Nicole stood up slowly, “What… what are you saying?” She asked.</p><p>He smiled, “I didn’t kill her. I sold her into the sex trade.” Nicole paled and her stomach turned, “I’m not going to kill you, Nicky. I’m going to sell you too” As he said this, he raised his wand, “STU-“but Nicole was faster. She jumped up, and stabbed him in the side with her dagger. She gathered her will in the palm of her hand, and forced him back with magic. He screamed in agony as he stumbled backwards. He gasped in pain and Nicole wiped the dagger on her dress. He was standing in the oil. She smiled as he dropped to one knee and fell to the side, slipping and struggling to stand in the oil.</p><p>“I’m going to burn the heart out of you, father. INCENDIO!” She cried. The spell hit the oil and burst into flames. It quickly covered the floor, the walls and Nathaniel. He screamed in horror and fear as the flames licked his body.<br/>
Magic oozed through Nicole’s palm and she lifted her burning father a few feet off the ground. She knew this wouldn’t kill him, but it felt good. She flung him against the wall, “Aguamenti” she said calmly. She put the flames out on his body as the other flames sizzled out. She held the water on him too long, and in seconds he was screaming and spluttering in pain. She dropped the spell and he fell to his knees. The fire had eaten the skin clean off his left arm and leg, and started to tear at his side. “Looks like I have your sense of humor, father dearest.” He laughed and lunged at her. Nicole fell back as he pinned her. He dealt blow after blow to her face and torso. He drew blood and at some point, she spit out a tooth. After a moment, they were both shaking, bleeding and out of breath. Nathaniel held his side where Nicole stabbed him and seemed to be in extreme pain from the burns. “You were foolish” he panted, “this nonsense… ends with you” he drew his wand and pointed it in her face, “no one wants a woman that rebels. You wouldn’t be worth much. Ava-“</p><p>Every instinct in her body fought back. Nicole freed her hands from under him. She grabbed his thighs, and screamed, “CRUCIO!” He howled and screamed in pain. He rolled off of her shaking. She pinned him this time and hit his wand out of his hand. She put her hands around his neck, “CRUCIO, CRUCIO, CRUCIOOO!!” Nicole screamed just as loud as her father’s pained cries. He tried to close his eyes, but Nicole took one hand and forced him to keep them open, “I want you to look me in the eyes while I repay you, father /dear/” she spat, “CRUCIO!” another choked scream of agony. She balled up her free hand into a fist.</p><p>“You!” punch, stinging hex, “Will!” punch, stinging hex, “pay!” punch, punch, punch. “CRUCIO” she screamed as her last punch made contact with his face. His breathing was strained and slow. He was dying. Nicole got up and slowly drew her wand and pointed it at him.</p><p>She was suddenly very aware of her relatives watching her. Nathaniel fought through the pain and slowly tried to stand. No. She would be the last Knight standing today. This had to be a statement. She looked at her discarded, blood stained dagger, “Accio!” she cried. It flew into her hand and it felt like home. She lunged at him. She dealt a light cut to his cheek and he gasped in shock and pain. She ripped his shirt open with the dagger. Her father coughed up blood. She looked up and she spoke, her voice hoarse and furious, but loud, “Let this be a message to all of you.”</p><p>She plunged the dagger down to the center of her father’s chest and he screamed in pain as blood seemed to seep from all angles. She slowly dragged the knife down and cut open his chest. His breathing was faster, panicked, and he couldn’t move. By some fucking miracle he was still alive. Nicole snarled and plunged her free hand into his chest cavity. Inside of him, it was wet, slippery, and hot. She didn’t care. Blood stained her white dress. Good. Send a message. Nicole will fuck you AND her clothes up because she’s a bad bitch. She laughed to herself, unaware of the shockwaves of fear and admiration she sent through her relatives. She felt around as her father gasped and spluttered. She found what she wanted and smiled. She closed her hand around his still beating heart and will all her might, she ripped it from his chest.</p><p>That moment moved slower than all the others. Everything was slower, quieter, and blurry. She felt the weight of his heart in her hand. Slick and heavy. Maybe the Egyptians had something with that idea. She swore she felt the glands individually snap as she ripped it out. She met her father’s eyes as the organ was forcibly disconnected. She watched his eyes get snuffed out and with a final gasp, his head fell back, his eyes shut, and Nathaniel Knight was no more.</p><p>The slow silence surrounded Nicole for a moment. She looked at the heart in her hand as its last few weak pulses slipped out. She tightened her grip on it and she slowly stood up. She held it up like a trophy and the room erupted in cheers.</p>
  </div>
  