
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Rebecca awakened with a widespread ache in her limbs and an exhaustion that could rival the time she once outran the cops with her friends during one of their many parkour outings in the inner city. Slowly did she rise, propping herself up on an elbow. Her vision blurred instantly, nearly going back, immediately dropping back down on the plush bed where she lay with a wince. It was as if she could feel her heartbeat around her skull, a dull ring in her ears. This, however, didn't stop her from tilting her chin upwards to eye a ridiculously high arched stone ceiling. The room reeked of antiseptic. "Wha-" clenching her eye's tightly, did her brow's furrow at the sound of her voice. it sounded harsh. deep even. </p><p> </p><p>Faint, yet speedy clacks from high heels could be heard not too far away, the sound getting closer until Rebecca could see the blur of a woman pausing beside the bed, blocking out the light from her view. Rebecca couldn't find herself the energy to flinch back from the pair of cold fragile hands cupping her face to tilt it to the side, at least they were gentle. Rebecca grit her teeth, her lips parted, gesturing a frown as her eyelashes battered with the second attempt to open her eyes. "It's about time you woke up, Mr. Diggory." came the soft murmur of what sounded like an old woman. "You've given us quite the scare, falling from your broom at such a height. and you landed right on your head, too. If you hadn't cast a cushioning charm when you did, you might have died. " cold hands released Rebecca's face right around the time Rebecca's vision cleared, eyeing the older lady wearily. The strong eye-watering scent of aloe vera wafted from the woman when walking away from the bed,  a woman who looked a lot like Madam Pomfrey by the way. The older lady stopped to stand in front of the infirmary's desk, picking up a quill, leaning over the desk to jot down something on a sheet of paper with a quill. after a few seconds, the woman set down the outdated pen and moved to pull a long metal tray from a larger stack of similar trays, out of a simple dark wood shelf belonging to an elegant cherry wood bookcase of what looked to be of antique origin. sitting beside the bookcase was a large Apothecary cabinet made up from the same wood that held many bottles of varying shapes and sizes sitting along the leveled shelves from behind the glass cover. said bottles held various mixtures of different colored liquids, what was in the bottles Rebecca assumed were for medical purposes. Nothing of interest to her. 

</p><p> </p><p>'Did she just call me Diggory? and what's this horseshit about a broom? where am I?' or so Rebecca thought, her eyes roaming the very large and impressive room with high ceilings, and what looked like a few old, circular medieval chandeliers with slightly melted, lit candles sitting around the steel rims floating above them. the evening light shined in from the tall castle windows, casting a glow the color of sherbet throughout the room. hospitals beds lined the walls in rows, each made with clean white sheets. curtains were drawn back around each, the drapes held upright by floating metal poles. it was just Rebecca and Pomfrey in here it seemed. 'Am I dreaming?' it was the only rational explanation she could really think of because dreams tended to project what you had been doing or thinking about that day if the experience and or thought was memorable enough. watching the entire series of Harry Potter in one sitting alongside her pals definitely was. but the pain was too real, as was the fatigue. but then again, she's been in this much pain and fatigue more than once. 'This must be one of those very vivid dreams, then.'  or so she pondered with a wry frown, deciding to just go along with it and try to have some fun here since this was a dream. there was no way it wasn't a dream, chandeliers didn't float. "Who am I? Who are you?"  Madam Pomfrey dropped the metal tray she had pulled from the shelf with a startled gasp, whipping her head around to look at Rebecca with alarm. It wasn't hard for Rebecca to guess what the woman was so up in arms about. Madam Pomfrey spun on her heel, ignoring the fallen item and its loud clattering to move quickly back at Rebecca's bedside and lift her chin again, making Rebecca wince. "You mean to tell me you don't remember who you are?" </p><p> </p><p>Rebecca huffed because she just said she didn't know who she was. "No, but I'd like it if you told me. I'd like to know who you are as well and maybe where I am." the distraught woman let Rebecca's chin go and said. "You are Cedric Diggory, A fifth-year student at Hogwarts, school of witchcraft and wizardry. I am Madam Pomfrey, a matron for this school." Rebecca, or rather Cedric just slumped back onto the pillow he laid against and let out a long sigh before he said. "Ok, I can work with that, I guess." Cedric paused, licking his dry lips. "So what now?" Pomfrey let out a sigh of her own, bringing up a hand to rub at the front of her lightly wrinkled face. "Rest, child. I'll go speak to the headmaster."</p>
  </div>
  