
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>I began my magic career at Ilvermorny, the only wizarding school in America. It wasn’t considerably large, approximately 2,000 students attended. Though its size was no match to the potential it held; it is an excellent school that taught me everything I know. I had a few acquaintances, but I mostly indulged in books during my pastimes. So, when my father told me we had to move all the way to Britain because of job relocation, it didn’t bother me much. My father, Alastair Devine, is the one who passed on his magic to me.  He currently works in the Ministry of Magic as the adviser to the Minister himself. My mother, Celeste Devine, is a muggle.  She is a newly appointed CEO for Fiat-Chrysler automobiles. The two very successful beings met when my father was sent on a business trip to end some sort of magical animal smuggling in New York. As any true-love cliché goes, they fell for each other immediately, having met at a local coffee shop. He decided to travel to work every day to accompany her job and sooner or later they decided to have me. Thus, a soon to be famous wizard was born, little did I know. As the talk of the “Dark Lord” resonated lightly in the air, the Minister wished my father to move back to London. My mother didn’t oppose, considering she could easily get another job at the Fiat Corporation in England. So, we all packed up our things and moved to a gorgeous mansion in Wiltshire. The land was decorated in a series of English oaks and red roses that washed away any homesickness. There was a gorgeous courtyard and so many different hallways you would get lost! We all fell in love with it immediately. Of course, a half-blood family moving to the wizarding world was a bit skeptic, but the Minister of Magic was completely on board consider the trust and need he had for my father. </p><p>     Unfortunately, our neighbors (if you could even call them that), didn’t take to kindly towards us. The Malfoy’s lived at least 15 miles from our home, considering the amount of land each of us owned, but they’ve always hated us. Lucius Malfoy worked with my father but each have always loathed the other. Due to the Malfoy’s hatred for mixed families the hatred was only fueled when a half-blood or muggle born had any successes. My father being a half-blood himself and the advisor to Cornelius Fudge causes many cold glances from the head of Malfoy Manor. And now Alastair Devine moved 15 miles from the “pure home”, which was just slightly larger than their mansion by only 5 square feet. Not only that, but his muggle wife was coming along with him! Let’s just say the tension grew. And it’s not like the Devine family planned on this, we are not the type of family that one ups people. It just appears are luck in finding a new home has its cons.<br/>
So, there I was. New house, new room, new environment, new enemies, and a new school…</p><p>-Flashback-</p><p>     The stone halls, though long and narrow, permeated me with a feeling of welcome. An old female witch who introduced herself as Professor McGonagall was escorting me to an area called the Great Hall. “Breakfast, lunch, and dinner will be served through these very doors every day. You’ll notice there are four sets of dining tables, each is connected with its house and that is where you are to sit.” Professor McGonagall told me matter of factly. “Is it just like my old school?” I asked in a curious voice, my American accent intruding the conversation. She looked down at me with patience, “We have four, just like Illvermorny’s. Each house has their own sigil, rooming, and seating quarters.” She then proceeded to tell me all about the four houses; Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each seemed to share certain attributes with my past houses. There I was sorted into Thunderbird; which mostly resembled communication, intelligence, and freedom. So where did I fit in at Hogwarts?  I was so conflicted with where I’d be sorted I had failed to realize we had reached our destination. I was greeted by two gigantic stone doors and Professor McGonagall spoke importantly, “Welcome to the Great Hall.” As she waved her hand the doors opened to reveal a large dining room filled with children from ages 11-18. Everyone gazed up from their meals, some mid-bite, to give me their full attention. I didn’t expect anything different, considering it was already halfway through third year, but still the attention started to get annoying. </p><p>          I kept my gaze forward. There I saw a tall man with a white beard smiling next to a stool with an old ratted hat on top. “Catherine Aria Devine, is it? I’m sure your grandfather has told you about me?” The old man spoke as if we were the only people in the room, yet everyone listened in on our conversation. “Yes sir, you’re the famous Dumbledore.” I suddenly became conscious of my accent again; it seemed to intrigue our audience, as I noticed some leaned forward and others whispered. I picked up on a few words coming from behind me, but Dumbledore continued as if no one was listening. “He didn’t tell you the story about how I put whip cream in his undergarments did he?” He said with a grin. I chuckled, “No, he didn’t, but one day you must tell me.” Dumbledore and my grandfather were great friends back in the day. I heard more stories about the two of them together than I did with him and my grandmother. “Well my dear let’s get you sorted, please take a seat.” He said gently. The process was a lot like Illvermony and with Dumbledore’s presence, I was quite comfortable now.  I did as I was directed and faced the many stares from my soon to be peers. Without warning, the brown ragged witch hat was placed on my head. I jumped as it spoke from the rotted fibers, “Ah, yes, quite right. I’ve been waiting for someone like you for a long time. Just like your father in ways I see.” I whispered to what I thought was just myself, “What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” It retorted, “Don’t use that kind of foul American language here!” I put my hands over my mouth in embarrassment and a few students laughed. “Sorry,” I muttered. “Exactly like her father. Except…you possess something special I see, something new…..powerful.” He started ranting until I rudely interrupted. “Like what? Like slick sarcasm and the amazing ability to come up with comebacks right on the spot?” A few chuckles erupted from the crowd again. I lightly smiled, nice crowd. “That concludes it….GRYFFINDOR!” Within seconds the table to the far left began clapping and cheering loudly as the hat was removed from my head. Magically, a newly found embroidery stamp with a lion appeared on my black robe. The word: Gryffindor spelled with red and gold fonts sat directly under the courageous looking lion. I smiled. This was going to be an adventure well awaited for. </p><p>-End of Flashback-</p><p>     It didn’t take long for me to make friends at Hogwarts. After all, I am an extrovert and some attention suited my fancy, not in an arrogant way though.  I mostly acquired it because of my accent. Why was an American here?  Not that my story was exactly supreme but the accent that I had was foreign and apparently British guys found that attractive. The first person or persons’ as I should say that befriended me were too very handsome twins with fiery red hair. Fred and George Weasley were their names and they were mischievous to say the least. Our friendship started off strong; full of pranks and jokes. I remember when we put a set of ‘Creepy Crawlies’ under their brother’s bed; one of Fred’s pranking mechanisms he had conjured up, but it scared his brother so bad he nearly wet himself! Speaking of the two crazy twin’s brother, he became another one of my good friends due to the merciless pranks. Ronald Weasley simply acted as another sibling towards me, which made him the perfect victim nonetheless. Thank god he knew Hermione Granger though; I would die without her as my friend. She is simply my rock holding my bubbling self from exploding the Earth. Ron introduced me to her and the famous Harry Potter within my first week of attending my new school. I had friends, not only that, but friends that I would keep for a long time. We shared the dangers of adventure and the newly found obstacles presented after; including finding Harry’s godfather Sirius Black and connecting him with the bit of family he had left. I know this is a lot to sink in, but trust me; it will help take you through the journey that I’d like to present to you. This journey takes twist and turns. Ups and downs. People change. I change. But the friendships simply stay forever. </p><p>     My name is Catherine Aria Devine and this is my story.</p>
  </div>
  