
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>"Bugger off, Weasley." Pansy's dagger filled voice shoots at Ron and for the moment, Harry is incredibly grateful that he was not the one who spun the bottle this particular round. Despite her words though, Pansy was quickly up onto her knees, pulling Ron to her, lips crashing against his in a fury. Harry pointedly did not look towards Hermione, certain he was not interested in seeing what sort of daggers of her own resided in her eyes. Spin the bottle was so much less fun with the constraints of relationships in the mix, which was why the eighth year students had all agreed that tonight they would leave monogamy at the door. Everyone had in fact agreed to this, though Harry was not altogether certain that everyone's heads and hearts were in the same place. He whooped and catcalled with the rest of the group as Pansy and Ron separated. There was nothing stranger in his mind than this moment. Had anyone told him months ago that Pansy Parkinson and Ronald Weasley would be casually snogging amid a group of their peers during a friendly game of spin the bottle, he would have had a proper laugh in their face. Strange how things had gotten here, really. It was Pansy's turn to spin now, and as her bottle came to stop on Neville, she let out a musical laugh. For years Harry had found her sickening. It's only now and in recent weeks that he's realized he never really knew her. She wasn't anything like he thought she was. Certainly, she was a Slytherin through and through. She was cunning, self obsessed most of the time, and quick to vocalize harsh or offensive thoughts without thinking to filter them. In truth, like many of her housemates, Harry had found that since letting prejudice die, he liked her company very much. The fact that she seemed to drag Draco Malfoy along, attached at her hip, to everything, was something he would have to learn to forgive. His attention returned to Neville, sputtering with a complete lack of grace as Pansy looked at him expectantly. </p><p>"Truth, Dare, Strip, or Kiss?" Pansy had an eyebrow raised. She looked something like a cat who'd cornered a mouse. Harry felt a small pang in his chest that could only be pity for Neville in the moment. If he'd learned anything from his friendship with Pansy it was that he never wanted to be on the receiving end of that look. </p><p>"S--Strip, I s'pose...." Neville gulped and removed his shoes, earning a scoff from Blaise and an eye roll from Hannah. </p><p>"Neville I think that they want you to take off something more revealing." Luna's soft and delicate voice came through like a warm winter blanket. It always did. Calming the room in a ll the right ways. Even the Slytherins had managed to fall under the charm of Luna's gentle delicacy. She offered Neville a reassuring smile and after another moments hesitation, he pulled his shirt from over his head and exposed his bare chest to the room of his classmates. Dean and Seamus reached out, in sync, to touch Neville's skin with playfully teasing expressions. Seamus went as far as to rake his nails across Neville's chest before Ginny gave him a scolding look. Poor Neville was still visibly shaking, skin flushed, as he reached for the bottle to take his own turn. The war had changed Neville. Given him a confidence he'd never had before. Somehow, watching him tonight, Harry didn't think that confidence extended to sexual situations. At least, not ones that were openly being witnessed by all of his friends. Neville's spin landed on Malfoy, who made no move nor sound as he watched the bottle with narrowed eyes. As he watched the bottle, Harry watched him. Of course, Watching Malfoy was something of a past time for harry, and though he was actively trying to be more compassionate and accepting of all the Slytherins, old habits seemed to die hard in this case. Malfoy was sitting on the couch, relaxed as Harry had ever seen him, one are outstretched over the back of the thing as his fingers tapped rhythms into the cushion. He looked so calm and collected, and Harry wondered how much of that was a farce, and how much of it was truly just Malfoy's nature. For years he had seemed so uptight and on edge, Harry had assumed that was his personality. Now, he had to wonder if maybe it had only been the effects of a war worn child. </p><p>"Might as well have a dare then, Longbottom. Do your worst." He leaned forward, unkempt blond hair falling in his eyes, causing him to shake his head once to brush it back as his elbows rested on his knees. Bright grey eyes were focused on Neville, who, for his part, seemed incredibly focused on coming up with what would in fact be his worst. Long moments ticked by, everyone's drinks seeming to refill themselves the moment that they were empty. Finally Neville cleared his throat, attracting the attention of everyone in the room. </p><p>"I dare you to give Harry a strip tease."</p><p>The room went quiet. With the war over, plenty of rivalries and prejudices had been settled. Bad blood had been cleared between many people, as was obvious by the fact that all four houses sat here together playing tonight. Harry and Draco though, still held their fair share of tension. So much had happened between them over the years, it was nearly impossible to let it all go the way they had with almost anyone else. And until this moment, no one had really forced them into each other's space. Pansy had certainly tried a time or two, dragging Malfoy along to anything she and Harry did, but the two had always managed to keep an ideal amount of space between them. It seemed, however, like that space between them was about to get much smaller. Or so Harry thought. </p><p>"I will do absolutely no such thing, you great buffoon."  He sneered, then looked towards Pansy with what looked like panic. Harry's eyes had to be deceiving him, because it looked like understanding and pity on Pansy's face. Nothing could have confused Harry more than that. And, as stupid as it seemed, even in his head, he was a little hurt by Malfoy's rejection. It was just a game. And if they couldn't be asked to play a game together properly, how would they ever mend the fence? Or would they at all? Was it possible that this particular issue was far too damaged to be repaired. He thought maybe it was. But then, he remembered, when their lives were on the line, they protected each other. Malfoy lied for Harry, when it could have killed him. Harry braved fire for him. Those last acts had to have meant something was worth mending, didn't they? They hadn't ever been friends in the first place though, so really, there was nothing there to mend. </p><p>He had been so lost in his own thoughts that he'd barely noticed the game continuing on. Malfoy had taken another dare, and they had all continued to play, no one noticing Harry's sudden mental absence. "I think I'll be heading to bed." He finally said, abrupt and short, as he stood, brushing his legs off and stepping over Hermione on his way to the stairs. He was well aware of all the eyes on him. He could feel the boring into him with concern and confusion and he hated it. He wanted nothing more than to shut it out, but he couldnt. Maybe Malfor was just too poised for something like a strip tease, no matter whom it was for. Though, harry couldn't imagine why he'd involve himself in a game like this to begin with if that were the case. Everyone knew how these games went. No, It had to be about Harry himself. </p><p>He was in bed for a long time, hours ticking by as his friends remained in the common room, drinking and playing and enjoying each others company. He allowed his head to wander a million different places now that he was alone. How badly he ached for Remus and his ever-wise, ever-calm outlook on things. How desperately he wished that Fred was there to make him laugh in the face of all that had been lost. The demise of his relationship with Ginny, which thankfully had not been an ugly one, and they had remained close friends, but had hurt his already aching heart none the less. So much had been lost. So much had changed about the life that Harry believed he knew, and he had no idea how to wrap his mind around what must be his new normal. It was all he had ever really wanted out of life. Normalcy. But now that it seemed within reach, it made little to no sense at all. His mind chased itself in circles until he felt so suffocated by his thoughts that he had to get air. Sitting up, putting his trainers on and pulling a jumper over his head, he quietly made his way back out towards the common room where he'd left his classmates. He came to a halt when he entered, eyebrow shifting upwards curiously. They had all managed to pass out around the room, limbs curling around other peoples limbs, drunken and sleepy. He wasn't sure there had ever been a strange sight than members of all four Hogwarts houses curled up together, sleeping so entwined with each other. He scanned their faces from afar, each of them looking peaceful. </p><p>His eyes stopped on Malfoy. He wasn't sure he had ever seen Draco Malfoy look any sort of peaceful at all. It was something shocking, and despite himself, he couldn't help a warmth in his chest and a small smile that pulled at the corner of his lips. In this moment, he looked just like a tired young man. The memories of him as a manipulative, mean child- or an angry, resentful teen seemed to pale in comparison to this new image. In the aftermath of the war, maybe viewing Malfoy in this position was on of the strangest occurrences. Learning to see him as the same as himself was still something he had to work on. It took some effort to rip his eyes away from the sight, and he told himself it was just because it was so strange. Like watching a car accident, you cant look away out of interest and astonishment. It certainly wasn't that it gave him peace to see Malfoy at rest. </p><p>He stepped out of the common room and into the corridor. It was a chilly night, even in the castle, and he wondered why in all its years the castle hasnt had some form of magical intervention to help with the temperature. </p><p>"Trying to get yourself expelled again, are you? Honestly, Potter, what danger lurks around the corner waiting for the Saviour now?" </p><p>Harry stopped. He didn't turn around, not yet. He knew that voice as well as he knew his own. It was in his nightmares. Sometimes, he conceded, maybe his dreams as well. "You were asleep five ruddy seconds ago." He muttered as he finally turned around. </p><p>"Yes, until you so rudely made your way through the common room with noise that could only be rivaled by a proper rock concert." Harry scowled at Malfoy, which only earned a beautiful laugh from thin pale lips. He watched the way they curled into a smile through the laugh and tried to convince himself that staring at Malfoys lips was nothing short of normal. </p><p>"I did no such." His head shook. "I fancied some air." He didn't like the way he was being looked at. As if Malfoy knew all of his secrets. As if, after a rivalry spanning years had taught him to read Harry Potter like a book. it unnerved him. it unnerved him even more that he looked like something out of a museum as he stood there, tall, pale, eyes gleaming with an indescribable amusement that only annoyed Harry to no end. His hair was mussed in a way that looked like it had to be done on purpose, absolutely nothing like the disheveled way Harrys hair looked when he first woke up. "Go back to bed then, Malfoy." He said, turning again. </p><p>"I don't think I will. Think I fancy myself some air too." Harry could hear the taunt in Malfoys voice and he groaned, but gestured ahead of him as if to lay 'lead the way'. But instead, Malfoy fell into casual step with Harry. Hands shoved deep into the pockets of sweatpants. He kept looking at Harry, side eying him as they made their way through twists and turns and out the castle doors. They made their way to a hill that Harry was particularly fond of, and he sat himself in the grass, looking up as Malfoy stood casually against a tree, looking out over the scene. He was still casting glances at Harry every few moments, and they were not going unnoticed. </p><p>"Why do you keep looking at me like that?" He finally spat the words out. He was so damn tired of people looking at him like he was going to break. "Not you too honestly.  I have had enough of everyone eying me like that and waiting for me to have a huge meltdown. I'm as ruddy fine as I can be considering I died and came back to find out that people I loved had in fact died. I don't need everyone staring out me like I'm out of my damn mind or fragile or--" He stopped. Malfoy was laughing. Actually laughing. </p><p>"I don't actually care about the fragile state of your mind, Potter. Much as you might think, the whole of the wizarding world doesn't revolve around your frame of mind. I've no doubt that you have a million reasons to cry yourself to sleep at night. Don't we all?" He rolled his eyes. It was only then that he remembered that Malfoy too had lost. Lost as much as he had, no doubt. Parents locked in Azkaban, Crabbe dead, his name and reputation in the mud. It silenced Harry , causing his face to redden. </p><p>"So....then why did you keep looking at me?" He raised an eyebrow, and Malfoy was snickering again, much to Harry's annoyance. </p><p>"Oh I was trying to figure out why my refusing to give you a strip tease made you flee the room." He said it pointedly, like an accusation, and Harry stuttered out an incomprehensible attempt at denial. When finally he managed to make words that actually sounded like words, he signed heavily. </p><p>"In truth it had nothing to bloody do with that. Or it did but not....not the strip tease aspect really. It was more..." He huffed, unable to find his words in a way that wouldn't make Malfoy laugh at him again. "Had it been someone else, you'd have done it. And I was annoyed by the fact that after everything we've been though in the past months, this childish rivalry still exists. So strongly that we can'tbe asked to partake in a stupid game together." He didn't notice the way Malfoy's eyes darkened. He was busy studying apiece of grass with intensity. Otherwise maybe he would have been able to read the man just as well as he had been read earlier. </p><p>"I'd have said no. No matter who it was." There was a seriousness in his voice that alarmed Harry, snapping his head up to study where grey eyes had turned charcoal. Malfoy's whole body was rigid. A far cry from the relaxed state he'd been in before. "I don't take my clothes off for the hell of it all." He shrugged, though there was something behind it that felt heavy. "I would have snogged anyone in the circle. Would have told any truth that was asked. Would have taken nearly any dare. But I don't strip, Potter. End of story." Harry was sure his eyebrows had become one with his hair at this point. </p><p>"Oh." He looked out over the scene again, letting silence fall between them. After a while, Malfoy sat down, his back to the tree, still a good and respectable amount of space between them. Sitting in silence with him was far less awkward than Harry would have thought, and he was almost startled by the sound of his own voice as he broke the comfort. "Why? Why don't you take your clothes off? You don't strike me as particularly modest, no offense." Malfoy laughed and rolled his eyes. </p><p>"Leave it be, Potter. You don't need to be seeing me without my bloody shirt. Not now, certainly." </p><p>Something about the way he said it only made Harry even more curious.</p>
  </div>
  