
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Harry had always known he was different, ever since he could remember. The Dursleys, evidently, knew so to, as he could judge from the stark differences between how they treated Dudley and how they treated him. So he began anticipating and planning as best he could, as soon he could. By age eight, he knew the Dursleys better than they knew themselves. He knew how to push Aunt Petunia to her limits, to that point where she could be forgiving and where she stopped caring at all. For her it was when her eyes became a bit tighter and her lips became a thin line – that was the moment he would always back down and placate her best he could, to prevent tipping her over the edge and moving her into punishing him for his so-called “insolence”. Her other limit, when Harry could move her into treating him better than she otherwise would, where those days that her gardening – or rather, Harry's gardening considering he did all the work, would earn her that ever-so-covetted neighbourhood Garden Gnome prize. A hideous little thing, vaguely shaped like an ordinary garden gnome painted gold – given to the winner to be held privately for six months, before moving to its next winner. Aunt Petunia, ever since Harry had figured her private pride for possessing the odious thing, had held it in a single streak for the past five years. So, whenever the new year's judgement came up and she began focussing Harry's chores on the garden, he would follow her orders, go beyond her expectations and sire her the prize, year and year again. And whenever she became somewhat petulant and began pressuring him on subject of his chores, he simply reminded her of the prize, vaguely threaten a less than perfect job and cower her into a more complacent mood. Afterwards, however, he would always exceed her expectations again and earn himself a thin smile and the reward of some treats – but always behind Uncle Vernon's back and out of Dudley's sight. She loathed the idea that either might know he could hold influence over her and that was what kept her obviously present revenge from showing outwardly.</p>
<p>Uncle Vernon was both more difficult and more easy to cower and placate. He was more easily angered, something Harry suspected had more to do with Vernon's own personal shortcomings in life rather than Harry's perceived shortcoming. Whenever Vernon received negative comment or remarks from his boss at his job, he would fester in quiet rage, waiting for Harry to commit a mistake and invite Vernon's rage upon him. But Harry had learned to recognize the signs of Vernon's internal anger and so he almost always managed to broker a peace. He would remember the days that Uncle Vernon's boss did the monthly check-ups, weary to always placate Aunt Petunia in buying more bacon the day before. Combined with Uncle Vernon's favourite hearty meal and Harry's utter silence and seeming absence after dinner, Harry almost always made Uncle Vernon less agitated and a lot calmer by the time Vernon would be able to actually focus on Harry and not his diner. Both some days, even that wasn't enough – and those were the days that Harry found himself forced to confront Vernon with his less-than-socially acceptable behavoirs. Such as, for instance, Vernon's monthly bets that were placed the day he would get his pay-check. And since Vernon somehow always managed to bet on the wrong teams, it meant that, sometimes, his pay-check was less than ideal if Aunt Petunia's attention were to be aimed towards it. Or so Harry told Vernon – and when Vernon would than stand there in barely controlled rage, with a face as red as a tomato, Harry would also remind him about the single time he had found Uncle Vernon with his pants down and the next-door neighbour's wife's lips around his embarrasingly small prick. That, Harry remarked to himself, always shut the fat walrus of a man up. And Vernon would stew in quiet anger, barely able to look Harry in the eyes and suddenly more focussed on buying Aunt Petunia a nice bouqeut. There were also days that Harry knew Uncle Vernon was quite content and those were the moments that he would go beyond his usual placations, making sure Uncle Vernon received a hearty dinner, a good pint of lager and find himself in an extremely tidy house. Those were the days that Harry managed to save up some money, when Vernon, reluctantly but voluntarily, would shove some small change – and very rarely even a bill, into Harry's hands, urging the boy to be extremely wise in spending it and to keep his silence regarding unnamed and personal matters.</p>
<p>Dudley, annoyingly enough, was the most difficult of them all to cower into submission – at least in the beginning. Since he had no real secrets or shames, safe for the usual childhood fears of silly things, such as spiders or clowns and such, Dudley rarely deigned to listen to Harry's veiled threats – that or he simply failed to recognize them for what they were. So Harry had had to resort to more extreme and stealthy methods. So, whenever Dudley had wronged Harry, by calling him names or actually hitting him, he would find himself, by next morning, in a bed soaked to the springs with piss. Of course, Harry always managed to make himself scarce during those times and nobody ever found out his involvement, not really – but it was always too easy to sneak in Dudley's room past midnight and soak the fat pubescent teen's fingers in a nice glass of water, till Harry heard the telltale trickle of piss soaking through the matrass, by which time Harry would remove his traces, sneak back into his cupboard and close it from inside using his trusty coathanger. Of course, Harry didn't do this every time – he kept the pattern somewhat irregular and thereby more difficult to figure out. Sometimes he would make certain things go missing, making sure they ended up being found a few days later, hidden in some nook or cranny of the household. Other times, something creepy, like a newt or a spider, would find its way in Dudley's closet or bed – but always on rainy days, such as when creepy things were want to crawl into warmer places and dry houses. Of course, then there were also the times that Dudley did stuff which even his parents would find disappointing - though they came as doding as they could when it concerned their son. And those things were, after a few years, what kept Dudley firmly – and very easily, in line. After all, considering the Dursley's pride on being a perfectly normal and prize-winning sub-urban family, how ever would they react to the fact that their son, their pride and joy, had frequently visited a very infamous cruising-site notorious for being a breeding ground of buggery and debauchery? Of course, Harry didn't begrudge Dudley for that, especially not considering he had his own personal sense of appreciation for both the male and female forms, young though as he was – he knew beauty when he saw it. But using it as leverage did keep Dudley out of Harry's way – and in return Harry turned a blind eye when Dudley was buggering and Aunt Petunia was inquiring after Dudley's absence. And if Harry sometimes bought condoms and slipped them into Dudley's nightstand, ready for Dudley to find them if he ever needed them, that was that. Harry might not like Dudley, but he still didn't wish him to contract any sort of communicable diseases. Harry just wanted to be left in peace, no matter the means to that end – but he did have his limits, and giving way to others sometimes neccesitated that..</p>
<p>In school, Harry paid heed to every lesson he could learn, whenever he could. He learned his textbooks inside-out, able to recite them from memory and able to deduce from those lessons other answers to untold questions. He never spoke up during classes, happy to stay unnoticed, but always ready to answer when questioned and eager to outperform the tasks set to him, be it by homework or group-assignments. His teachers adored him, even if most of them found him to be too quiet for his age and lacking in friends. It wasn't like Harry didn't try making friends – he honestly did try, but for some reason they all found him “detached and cold”, which he never really understood. By the time he got into fifth year, base school, his favourite teacher scheduled him to be tested for his IQ. Harry thought it a minor bother, and the Dursleys only allowed it after they found out it wouldn't cost them a thing. So Harry got tested, five tests over the course of a week, and by the end the one testing him had become quite silent. They took him and the Dursleys aside, matter of factly stating Harry was an extremely intelligent child, well above an IQ of a hundred and thirty, and thus was elligable for higher standards of education – but since that meant an extra expendature of funds already unlikely to be spend on Harry, if ever, the Dursleys had declined that opportunity, if rather politely. Harry found he didn't care, not really – he had been able to homeschool himself beyond his peers' study-levels for years by that point and he didn't see how he couldn't continue doing so. Sure, the teachers were let down by his agreement with the Dursleys, but they knew he'd be alright – or so he hoped. All in all, by his eleventh birthday, he had managed to make his life quite endurable – even if he did have freak accidents once so every few months. Living with the Dursleys was harder after these incidents, but he had learned well and such tempers from their side never lasted long when he focussed on placating them.</p>
<p>There had been the incident at school, which he had come to call the 'Transference Incident', when he had been chased by a few bullies and he had somehow, inexplicably, ended up on the roof of the school building. He had managed to find his way down easily enough and nobody had noticed, outside of the bullies wondering where he had gone all of a sudden. Later, he learned what teleportation was – and since a black-out didn't correspond with the facts of the matter, he accepted that. Somehow, he had teleported. Or transferred, as he preferred to call it – teleportation, being as it was still very much only science-fiction at that time, sounded too unbelievable. Transference was a much neater and cleaner word for the act that had happened. Then there had been the 'Serpentile Communication Incident', whereby he had somehow managed to converse, sort of, with a snake. It was a small corn-snake, and it had simply said a nice polite 'thank you' when he had left a dead mouse near it, but it had exhilirated him beyond words. Once he had gotten used to that, he found he could actually converse with nigh any snake – which made spending time in the garden much more interesting. Once the snakes found they could talk with him, they somehow sort of accepted him as one of their own. So when he had said, one day, that near the potter's field where a lot more mice than in the suburbs, they had gone, gorged themselves till bursting and returned a week later to express their eternal gratitude. After that, he had sent them coralling mice and rats to some of Aunt Petunia's gardening-opponents, to increase her chances of winning the Gardening Gnome. He had done barely any work, and with the usual pests almost completely absent, Aunt Petunia's roses had won her the meritous Rose Ribbon, an award of the national gardening club rewarded only once a decade. Aunt Petunia had given him twenty quid that day, and Harry had thanked the snakes tremendously, promising they could ask anything if they ever wanted anything.</p>
<p>There had been a few 'Telekinetic Accidents', whereby things had broken themselves during those rare moments when he ever really lost control over his emotions. A plate, a few glasses, one time an unfortunately expensive piece of crockery from some vaguely illustrious great-aunt on Petunia's side of the family – Harry never did manage to remember that old goat's actual name, she was always simply called 'Auntie Dear'. There had been other incidents, which Harry found less easily classifiable – if he could classify them at all, that was. Those strange moments when something, often a thing he had been desperately looking for for quite a while, simply willed itself near him. One memorable time had been when he had been searching for one of Aunt Petunia's fashion magazines. He had been looking for it almost a whole day and he had been fed up, fervently wishing it was somewhere obvious. He had suddenly heard a shocked cry from Dudley's locked room, which was ever only locked whenever Dudley did 'shamefull things' as Petunia called them – and suddenly the magazine had found itself on the table near him, if slightly crinkled. A closer look, however, had convinced Harry it more appropriate to simply throw the thing away – he sincerely doubted, after what Dudley had done around it, if Aunt Petunia would've ever touched it again. But aside those incidents, accidents and strange occasional going-ons, Harry had found life extremely bearable, predictable and all-around easy to navigate – at which point the blasted letters had begun to find their way to him, thereby upending his whole routine and all his future plans. At that time, when the real implications hadn't yet sunk in, Harry had vaguely entertained the idea of sueing for harrasment and breach of privacy. Then again, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, at that point, had merely been a faceless letter-sender disrupting his private life – and Harry could never have imagined the sheer depth of the changes that were about to happen around him.</p>
<p>And so began the preparations for Harry Potter's First Year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy.</p>
  </div>
  