
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>It was a Monday, Harry’s least favorite day of the week. He woke up grumpy and still feeling tired, wanting so badly to go back to sleep, but he had an important commitment that he could not be late too. Today, Harry had an interview with Dolores Umbridge, one of his former teachers from high school, who now owned a diner called the Pretty Kitty. She was fired from her career as a teacher for child endangerment. The diner was surprisingly popular, probably because Umbridge was almost never there. Everyone Harry knew hung out there. Plus, the food was to die for. But the real reason for the diner’s success had to be because of the staff. 


The waitresses were required to wear tight, short, pink uniforms, with cat ears and tail. They attracted quite a lot of attention and brought customers of all ages. It was Umbridge’s love of cats and all things pink that had inspired this lovely choice of a uniform (note the sarcasm). When Harry first applied to the job, he had been told by his friend Fleur, a senior at the university that Harry went to, that only women were hired, which confused him. Why was he even being given an interview when Umbridge was just going to send him packing? After bathing, putting on one of his nicer outfits, a light layer of makeup, and fixing his hair, he headed off to the diner. He looked around the establishment and noticed that everything was pink. 


The floor, the tables, the chairs, the doors, and even the goddamn ceiling was pink. There were pink vases filled with, you guessed it, pink flowers on every table. Harry headed toward the back of the building where Umbridge’s office was. He waved at Fleur, and two classmates he had graduated with, Lavender and Parvati, relieved to see some familiar faces. Harry had no idea that they worked here. He hoped he wouldn’t have to wear that silly uniform though. 


He opened the door and walked into the pink and frilly office, and was strongly reminded of her classroom from back in high school. “Have a seat Mr. Potter.” said Umbridge in her trademark sickly sweet voice. Harry sat down anxiously, not knowing what to expect. “So, Mr. Potter, why are you here today?” She asked in that disgustingly saccharine voice of hers. “I’m here because I’m in need of a job.” Harry replied, feeling like that was obvious. “I desperately need money and was told by my friend Fleur that you need another server. I’ve brought my resume and all the paperwork you might nee-“ “Oh, I don’t need any of that.” She rudely interrupted, then twittered. “Do you have any experience in this particular profession?” “Yes, I worked part time as a waiter back in high school.” Harry answered, feeling more and more unsure of how this interview was going. 


“How old are you?” She inquired. “I’m 18.” Harry said. “How tall are you?” She asked. “Er.. 5’2.” Harry responded, weirded out. “Weight?” “Erm... 110 pounds.” “Clothing size?” “Small in men’s and women’s.” “Shoe size?” “Um, a 5 in women’s and 3.5 in men’s. What does that have to do wi-“ Harry tried to ask, but was cut off with another question. “Do you wear makeup?” “What?” Harry was shocked. “Do you wear makeup?” Umbridge said, clearly annoyed by his bafflement. “Uh, yeah, sometimes.” Harry blushed, embarrassed. She then took out a tape measurer and ordered him to stand up. She measured Harry’s waist, his chest (even though he had nothing there), his hips, and even his ass, all of which made Harry super uncomfortable. “W-What are you doing?” He stuttered, feeling self conscious and mortified. “I’m making sure you fit the physical standards and requirements of all my employees. The smaller, the better.” She giggled girlishly. Harry nearly vomited. 


After a few more measurements, questions, and observations, she reached her decision. “You’re hired.” Umbridge simply said. “Wait, what? You didn’t even look at my resume or ask any important questions! All you did was look at my physical characteristics! Also, I was your least favorite student in school, why would you want me working at your diner?” Harry asked, bewildered. “Mr. Potter, I have a strict set of requirements that potential employees must meet in order to qualify. I require my girls to look a certain way, and you fit those prequisites, regardless of your gender!” Umbridge shouted, then immediately calmed herself. “This is the perfect way to get my vengeance for the way you treated me in school. Also, you are what my customers desire! Not only are you unique looking for a boy, but you’ll attract quite a lot of customers for me.” She reluctantly complimented. “What makes you say that?” Harry demanded, bothered by her statements, especially since she was the one who mistreated him. “This.” 


And Umbridge held up the uniform he had seen earlier. Harry’s jaw dropped. “There is no way in hell you expect me to wear that! Don’t you have one for men?” Harry exploded. “Oh no sweetie-” Harry cringed. “As the only male, you’ll have to wear the same uniform as my female employees, to fit in. Combined with your looks, it will go perfectly.” She wasn’t wrong. 


Harry had an extremely feminine face and body. He stood at a height of 5’2, was slim with wide hips and smooth legs, and had a rather large butt. He also had dainty little hands and feet, soft, curly, neck length hair that was a gorgeous shade of ebony, plump, pink lips, a tiny little button nose, and large, emerald green eyes, framed by long, black eyelashes. To top it all off, he had beautiful, pale, and creamy skin. He was perfect for the job. 


“I don’t understand, why didn’t you just hire another woman?” Harry asked. “Because-“ Umbridge began, “This is the best way to humble you. You need to be brought down from that pedestal you place yourself on and be looked at as a pure object, not as the deity you view yourself as.” She concluded. Harry bristled in anger. He wanted to punch her in her ghastly toad face. “You begin tomorrow. You will receive basic training, and then on Wednesday you’ll be on your own. Do you understand?” She explained, as if she was talking to a toddler, oozing false sweetness. “Yes.” Harry replied. “Yes, what, Mr. Potter?” She smirked. “Yes Ma’am.” Harry grumbled. “Very good. Now off you go, you’re dismissed.” She chuckled, waving her fat hand to shoo him away. “Thank you Ma’am.” Harry sighed, and walked out to his car, holding his new uniform with a grimace on his lovely face.</p>
  </div>
  