
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>He had just ran out of his last carton of cigarettes. He was angry at himself for it. If he didn't fall asleep under that bridge then somebody wouldn't have taken his money and other carton of cigs. He grumbled quietly as he walked through a dark alley, despite the sun blazing overhead. He preferred the dark. There were many more places to hide from authorities and “good samaritans”. He would accept very few handouts, one could never tell the true intentions of other,as he had unfortunately found out when some man offering him food tried to kidnap him. He had avoided that situation with a switchblade he had stolen off of another homeless person. </p><p>Back to his current situation, Harry was all out of cigarettes and now his hands were shaking while his anxiety and paranoia rose. He heard a crash from a nearby dumpster and he jumped three feet in the air. It was a cat. He continued his shaky walk slowly, no destination except for more cigarettes and somewhere to sleep. He walked for a couple more hours before he was able to lift enough money for another pack of cigs. He happily smoked one as he went on his way, looking for another place to sleep for that night. </p><p>He had been thrown out of his aunt and uncle's house when he was six years old. He had just been beaten within an inch of his life, when his aunt muttered something about “throwing the runt out” and his uncle decided it was a better idea than keeping him around. They threw him unceremoniously into the backseat of his uncle's car and drove an undetermined amount of time and then dumped him on the sidewalk. He later discovered that they had left him in the outskirts of London. He had been living on the streets for a long time and was steadily getting the hang of it. At first, he was terrified. He had woken up covered in his own blood and he had both an infection, and a fever. He managed to crawl into an abandoned warehouse and stayed there for awhile. He survived the fever filled days without food or water before somebody found him. It was another kid, older than him and dressed in rags. A cigarette was perched behind his ear. </p><p>The kid picked him up and took him to a palette on the floor before laying him down and opening a bottle of water.<br/>
“Looks like you got it rough kid. Even my family didn't beat me. But I guess they're dead anyway so they didn't really get the chance.” He gently soothed Harry's whimpers and ran his fingers through his hair like a bigger brother. Harry, who had never felt affection in his life, happily leaned into the touch; his fever raged mind didn't think about possible punishments for such acts. Harry felt so hot, like his tiny body was set on fire. He was miserable. </p><p>Two weeks of careful tending provided by Apsel, the older boy. During those two weeks, Apsel told him all about his life, these stories and anecdotes was sprinkled with advice that Harry squirreled away in his mind. His stories and went from his hometown Kiel. Kiel was a very cold place in northern Germany that sat on the coast. His mom and little sister had drowned in an unexpected storm and his father immigrated to England with him before dying of pneumonia four years ago. He had lived on the streets of London since then.<br/>
“This life is a hard one Liebling 1,” he said quite often. </p><p>When Harry got better, the first thing that improved was his eyesight. As such, he was able to make out Apsel’s face better. He had white blond hair and was very pale, his eyes were sea blue, and his face was soft. The two steadily grew closer and took on the roles of father and son. Apsel was 16 at the time, while Harry was an underfed, small six year old. They worked well together and never separated. Apsel taught Harry different tricks to use to get enough money to survive. But he also taught him integrity, kindness, humbleness, and honesty when he could help it. Harry's pseudo-father taught him to write and read as well as certain manners he had picked up in Germany when his mother hosted parties. Despite having a name already, Apsel even gave Harry a German name, Bem, for bear. Harry loved it and started going by Bem instead of Harry. </p><p>Two years had quickly passed in the blink of an eye. Harry was eight years old and was smarter than the average child, something Apsel took great pride in. The date was insignificant to them that day. It was February 6, 1988. The weather was cold and there was still snow covering the ground. Apsel and Harry set out on a walk together to unfreeze their toes. It was an okay walk, they had eaten that morning so the mood was good. They had walked passed an alley when the men jumped them. There were three guys in total, all bigger than Apsel and a hell of a lot bigger than Harry. They - the muggers - demanded cash that neither Apsel or Harry had. The men quickly got angry and the one on the very right, closest to Harry, brought out a knife. Harry couldn't stop the tears from spilling over. Apsel inched his way over to Harry and tried to maneuver Harry away as fast as possible. He wasn't fast enough as the knife went into his chest, wedged between his ribs. </p><p>The men looked at each other and ran away as Apsel sunk to the ground, Harry rushing towards him to try and help. Apsel had tried removing the knife, but the blade was three inches long and had pierced his lung. Within minutes, blood was coming out of Apsel’s mouth with each raspy breath he took. Harry, who had started crying harder at this point, tried frantically to stop the blood from oozing out of his adoptive father.<br/>
“Harry, mein Liebling 1, it's okay… Life on the streets is never a long one… I'm lucky to have made it this long… I'm lucky to have met you…  Ich liebe dich, mein Sohn, mein kleiner2… do not weep to hard for me… Maybe I will see meine Mutter und Vater 3 again… Do not weep too hard for me.” His dying words were littered with rasps and coughs that brought more blood to Apsel’s lips. He had brought his weakening arm over to Harry's head and combed his fingers through his hair one last time before he went limp, the rasps stopped.  Harry screamed and pleaded for him to wake up, understanding this would be the last time he ever saw Apsel. Unknown to him, his magic had flared and he had frozen everything around him. He sat there staring at the gradually freezing body of his once father for a long time before reaching to Apsel’s face and closing his eyes. He reached into his pockets and took the few pounds, pocket knife, and picture of them that had resided in his pockets. The ground thawed around them and a flower sprouted from between the cracks in the cement. He would leave Bem here with Apsel. </p>
  </div>
  