
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>The Aurors.</p>
<p>On the train- that’s where it started. It was the 1st of September when the scarlet train would be filled with coal and the Hogwarts sign embellished on its exterior. Children would start arriving around 9am with their parents and siblings, most knew the drill by now- head towards platforms 9 and 10 of Kings Cross station and slide themselves between the barrier and onto platform 9 and 3/4. Walk into the barrier that separated the magical world with the muggle one, where wizards and witches alike could be free to be who they wished without scrutiny or worry of ousting their fragile world. Some however did not know the drill, they’d read the drill and knew it in theory but putting the theory to the practical was always the true test. The people who were yet to know it were more often than not the first years. For a few of them they may have done it once or twice when they were younger watching their siblings walk through the barrier and then having to do it themselves but doing so cautiously with a slight apprehension that was expected when doing something so strange. Walking straight towards a wall and supposedly having full trust that it would recognise the magical blood in you and what? Go soft? It was a strange thing for a small child to wrap their head around, so many younger siblings simply stayed at home waving their older brothers or sisters goodbye from the window. Missing them for months at a time. But this year the time had finally come, it was the boys turn: Steven McGarrett and Daniel Williams. Both boys where from completely different backgrounds; Steve McGarrett was from a pure blood family not that his family was arrogant about it but it was simply a fact. His father was an auror and his mother was a stay at home mother. Steve has no idea if she worked before she had Steve, not for lack of trying but Doris had never answered in a transparent way, it was always “i’m your mother- that’s work enough,” no matter how many times Steve protested that that was not the question he’d asked he would never get a real answer. Danny on the other hand was not from a pure blood family; his mother was a witch and his father a muggle. His father spent his days as a fire fighter, something Danny admires hugely about him. He has no magic or magical skills and yet walks into a fire with nothing but a hose to battle the flames- yeah his father was his hero. Danny’s mother- Clara was much like Steve’s mother they both stayed at home to look after their family but Clara just had more of it. Danny has two sisters and one brother, Bridgett, Stella and Matthew. Bridgett was older than Danny but Danny was older than Stella and Matthew. So Danny already had one sister at Hogwarts but Steve had no one. It was strange really how most children attending Hogwarts didn’t really know anyone at all. There might have been a few friendships that were struck up because their parents had known each other and had set up play dates but apart from that many children only knew themselves and their siblings. Even Danny and Steve didn’t know each other, yet.</p>
<p>Danny had kissed his mother goodbye when he felt wetness on his cheek, “Ma don’t cry I’m coming back for Christmas,” Danny squeezed his mother’s hand and she smiled at him, “get on that train before it leaves without you,” she cupped her first born sons face one last time and let him go as she watched him follow his sister onto the train. Clara was terrified of what would happen to Danny. Clara had been a Ravenclaw when she was in Hogwarts and now that Bridgett was at school she was also a Ravenclaw but she knew Danny wouldn’t be. He was fiercely loyal, he could get his siblings to follow him at the drop of a hat and always aimed to get the highest grades in primary school but he also had a knack to self preservation. He was always the last one to act, always making sure that every option had been weighed out before doing it. Shutting down when he felt that no options would benefit him- she knew what house he belonged to but with his current bloodline she was terrified of what the other kids would say or do. Whilst Danny had an overwhelming sense of self-preservation his judgement also lapsed when it came to his family. His was proud of his lineage and he would openly tell anyone even if it didn’t help him- god send him someone to look out for him.</p>
<p>Steve had somehow managed to get a seat in an empty carriage and had managed again to keep it that way for some time. He sat looking out the window at the passing landscape thinking of what house he’d be in and what his dad kept telling him, “I don’t care what house you’re in son as long as it’s not Slytherin, I won’t have my son associating with those blood purists,” John McGarrett had said the day before he’d taken his son to the station. Steve understood why John had said it, he’d read up on the houses of Hogwarts when he’d got his books for first year briefly reading about the dark witches that had come out of the Slytherin house and it was enough to put the willies into anyone. So Steve sat thinking that his Dad was right, any house was good as long as it wasn’t Slytherin. He was pulled out of his thoughts when the door to the carriage he was in started to slide open and his eyes were met with a small blond boy standing in the frame, “do you mind? I didn’t want to sit with my sister I see her enough at home,” the blond boy smiled indicating to the empty seat opposite Steve and Steve just nodded. Danny slid the door closed behind him and sat on the plush upholstered sits opposite Steve and smiled outstretching his hand, “Daniel Williams,” Steve took the hand in his and shook it saying his own name, “Steven McGarrett,” and released his hand. Danny was what Steve would describe as cute, his blond hair was long on top and slightly shaven at the sides, his eyes were a really intense blue shade and he was quite a bit shorter than Steve- from appearance he liked the kid. Danny looked at Steve and spoke, “So where are you from?” leaning on the window, “I’m from Cornwall coast near a town called Zennor keeps us away from the muggles,” Steve stopped, “what about you?”<br/>
“I’m from east London- Barking to be precise. Heard of it?” Danny asked and Steve could hear in Danny’s voice that he was hoping he had but Steve shook his head no. Danny sighed, “it’s okay not many magical folk have. I’m half blood you see so we live in the city for my dads job,” Steve’s ears perked up at the word half blood. He’d lived a very sheltered life like most magical children and didn’t meet many people outside of his family so meeting a half blood right off the bat- wow that was luck. Steve couldn’t hide the excitement in his voice, “you’re half blood? wow that means you must’ve gone to muggle school, what was it like? is it your dad who’s muggle? what does he do?” The questions stumbled out of Steve’s mouth before he had a moment to control them. He didn’t want to sound patronising but he genuinely wanted to know. Danny only smiled and took a beat before he answered, no doubt analysing if this person actually cared or was just mocking him but Steve’s curiosity and eagerness seemed genuine. So he answered the questions, “yeah I went to muggle school, it wasn’t all that really. We just get taught basic stuff you know like maths and science. Bit of English literature and what not, it was just school nothing overly interesting happened,” except that one time with that one snake the class had for the year. But that wasn’t something that was going to be shared today or any day. Danny pressed on, “you’re right my dads a muggle,” queue the proudest moment in Danny’s life so far, “he’s a firefighter,” Danny said almost sheepishly. Whilst Danny thought his father was the bravest man to have ever existed he had no idea what magical folk would think. Would they think that it was a ridiculous profession that was bound to end up with someone dead or would they think it to be boring or trivial. Whatever his anxiety was soon dissipated when Steve’s jaw dropped. “Holy crap- what is that?” Steve said awed but confused and Danny teased him, “what do you mean what’s that you dummy. The clues in the name fire.” pause for effect, “fighter. He puts out fires when they’re started before getting any worse. He stopped a house from burning down last week,” Danny said as he chewed on a chocolate bar his mum had given him. Somehow to Danny’s dismay he still looked confused, “yeah but how? he doesn’t have any magic?” Steve could not for the life of him figure it out. These muggles were a lot more advanced than Steve had previously given them credit for. Danny laughed, an actual laugh- man this guy was entertaining, “with water dumbass how else? they have big trucks that carry a load of water in them that they drive to the fire and the hose is connected to the truck and they use that to soak the fire. Sometimes it can take days though depending on how big the fire is because of how hot the embers stay.” Danny carried on rattling off everything his father had ever told him about fire fighting with Steve hanging on to every syllable. By the time Danny had finished answering all the questions Steve had had about the muggle world a 5th year came by saying they would need to get into their robes shortly they would be arriving soon. Both the young boys nodded as they opened their trunks and got out their first year robes both brand new, as they were changing Danny talked to defuse the awkward tension that had arisen in the room, “any idea what house you’ll be in?,” Danny asked as he did up his shirt buttons seeing Steve’s shoulders shrug in his peripheral. “I don’t actually mind as long as it’s not Slytherin,” he mused quietly and waited for his only friend to reply at least he thinks Danny’s his friend, “whys that?” Danny asked absentmindedly, “well I read that quite a few dark wizards have come out of Slytherin and they’re such blood purists and that’s just not my family,” Steve finished buttoning his shirt and closing his trunk sitting back down to face Danny. He looked at the smaller boy as he fixed his collar, “even though your family are pure bloods?” Danny questioned and Steve looked put out, “I never told you I was pure blood,” Steve said in an almost accusatory tone. Danny just smiled, “please just because I went to muggle school doesn’t mean I’m thick when it comes to the magical world. I read, your lineage is in there.” Danny leant back and looked triumphant, he loved the look on people’s faces when they realised he wasn’t such an idiot after all. Steve didn’t mean to think that of course but it can’t always be helped especially when no effort is made to ask the right questions. Danny noticing that Steve had still not yet recovered carried on talking, “I’ll probably be a Ravenclaw, that’s the house my sisters in. Also being half blood I don’t think I have anything to worry about with being sorted into Slytherin.” Danny smiles as he ties his shoe lace. Steve silently agreed- it didn’t make sense really from the lineage point of view but just from speaking to Danny he couldn’t really gauge where he would be sorted. Anywhere would suit him and he would flourish no matter what but Steve really didn’t want to see him wearing green. </p>
<p>The train pulled into Hogsmede station and Danny and Steve knew enough that this was when they should start hauling their belongings off the train and onto the platforms. The prefects ushered them towards a very large man saying, “first years follow me,” walking towards a large lake that surrounded a castle and that was when the boys noticed it for the first time. The sheer enormity of Hogwarts castle practically smacked them in the face, the back drop to the castle made the brightly lit lights stand out in the dark night. The lights reflecting off the calm waters of the lake surrounding the castle. Neither of the boys could tell exactly what colour the castle was but the turrets looked like they were made of grey brick with black tiling the roof. For a castle that was thousands of years old it had a feeling of home before either of the boys had even set foot into their sleeping quarters. It was safe and secure without having this foreboding sense of danger that always seemed to follow castles. How could something so vast and expansive be so calming and warm? The first years climbed into the boats, all with the same look of utter disbelief on their face that Danny and Steve had. The boats set off through the waters and towards the castle, aiming towards a small Getty that led up to a wide set of steps and a large door that Steve assumes will open. Once all of the first years are out of the boats and standing on the steps in front of the large door, they were told to wait there until they had opened and a teacher would greet them. The moment the extra large man had left, the stairwell broke out into low chatter amongst the children who had gotten to know each other in the carriages. Danny was tunning into other people’s conversations listening to only the important bits, “I had no idea- neither of my parents are magical!” a small girl exclaimed. Danny turned around to look at her fearing that maybe she had said that slightly too loud, “then you don’t deserve to be here,” a boy rebutted. He had not been at all involved in the young girls conversation but for some reason felt the need to give his opinion, “why your kind are let in will always be a mystery- should be pure bloods and pure bloods only,” the boy said but this time with a snarl. The boy was taller than Danny but that wasn’t saying much but he wasn’t taller than Steve. He had slightly olive toned skin and it was clear he was of asian descent, his hair cut at a harsh angle- he wasn’t a particularly good looking boy but Danny could tell that he had this air around him that said, “my father will fuck you up,” good thing Danny had a weak spot for bullies. He narrowed his eyes at the boy, “why does it matter to you what her blood line is? Focus on your own incestous bloodline before you worry about someone else’s,” Danny was practically spitting out the last words. He couldn’t stand bullies. The boy seemed to taken aback that someone so early on would fight back at him, “sorry I didn’t catch your name?” the boy seemed to completely disregard what Danny had just said in favour of finding out Danny’s own bloodline- but there was no fun in that. Danny half smiled, “Daniel Williams- half blood, got a problem with that you dickhead?” Danny’s east london accent came spilling through in his rage, “how dare you speak to me like that!” the pureblood stepped forward going to grab his wand but Danny, his magic still in its infancy still favoured his fists but before Danny could even punch him in the jaw he saw two hands push the asian boy back. It was Steve, “don’t be an idiot Wo Fat- wouldn’t want Daddy to have to rescue you on your first day would you?” Steve was almost definately teasing this Wo Fat kid and Danny was sure they knew each other. Wo Fat looked up at Steve’s face, “should’ve known a McGarrett would be defending half bloods and mudbloods- you’re families a disgrace,” Wo Fat spat at Steve’s feet and Danny swore he was going to throttle him, “be a nice boy Wo Fat and go run along with your purist friends,” Steve smiled waving as Wo Fat went to retreat as the large doors opened up behind them. </p>
<p>It was then that an average sized women walked out of them holding a large scroll of parchment, “I am Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor house and teacher of transfiguration here at Hogwarts. In a few moments you will follow me through these doors and you will be sorted into your houses. Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin. Once you are sorted into one of these houses you will sit at the respective table and that table will become like your family- remember that. Now follow me children.” Professor McGonagoll turned and walked through the doors down into a vastly large hall with 4 tables running length ways full of students of all different ages all adorning different colours. The teachers were sat the far end of the hall overlooking the student tables with, who the boys assumed, was the head master sat in the middle. The hall was lit by a thousand floating candles that left Danny awestruck. Steve not so much- these kind of things were a norm in his house but with Danny living so close to muggles he could guess that it was different for him. Danny felt a presences slid up near his side and turned to look and found the girl who had been slandered by Wo Fat early, “thanks for sticking up for me, I’m Malia, Malia Waincroft,” she smiled extending her hand out to Danny which he shook and smiled at her, “I hate bullies don’t mention it,” Danny decided to stand close to Malia knowing that her name was likely to be one of the last called and wanted some company when his name was inevitably the last one to be called. Steve was also stood by Danny’s side but had also been joined by another asian boy with whom he was whispering furiously with, “I didn’t know you were this year- I thought it was next for some reason,” Steve smiled at him slapping the asian boys back then leaned over to Danny, “Danny this is Chin Ho Kelly, he and his cousin are family friends,” Steve said pointing to the asian pair on his right hand side, “this is Kono Kalakaua,” they all smiled at each and Kono leant forward looking in Danny’s eyes trying to keep her voice low, “I would’ve let you hit him,” she said her hand shielding her mouth so Steve couldn’t see. Danny just smiled widely at her and stifled a laugh. She was someone he needed to spend more time with. Professor McGonagoll coughed to clear her throat and placed a stool and a hat in front of the first years than began reading names of her parchment, “Sophie Alto,” she said loudly and clearly then crowd parted slightly allowing a small girl to walk through it and sit on top of the stool the hat being placed lightly on her head before it said, “Hufflepuff,” and she got up to join the table clapping the loudest, adorned with yellow embellishment on their robes. This went on for a time whilst other names were called out and other houses that the group of 5 weren’t really listening to until they heard the name, “Wo Fat,” and all their attention turned to the boy walking towards the hat. Somehow he looked sheepish and that made the group smile, “Slytherin,” the hat had said as it barely rested on the black hair of the asian boy. They did not clap. Danny leant over to Steve whispering and said, “no shock there,” and stood back up admiring the smile on Steve’s faces. Next up was Kono, as her name was called the remaining four smiled at her encouragingly as she walked towards the stool plonking herself on it, the hat sitting slightly on her head before it said, “Ravenclaw,” and she smiled as she walked off the slightly raise step and headed over to the Ravenclaw table where they were happy to greet her. Danny clapped and smiled and cheered, at least if he got sorted into Ravenclaw she was there. Next up was Chin and the left over three once again smiled reassuringly as he sat on the stool the hat barely skimming his head before it loudly shouted, “Gryffindor,” and Chins face beamed. He ran towards the table with the maroon ties and shook hands with his fellow house mates ecstatic that he was in his dream house. The names between Chins and Steve’s were not many but it seemed to drag on. Steve was desperate to know where he belonged, what his traits where, who he would be. But why did he need to rely on a hat to pick his destiny, surely he knew who he was, right? Danny seemed to know exactly who he was and was very proud of it before he’d even started learning the magical arts, he didn’t need a house to tell him who he was. So why did Steve? He didn’t have much more time to ponder as his name was called and he felt himself being nudged towards the stool by Danny’s elbow, his feet seemingly cemented to the floor. He walked up onto the raised edge and sat on the stool. Suddenly looking out onto a crowd of people he felt sick- what if he got put in Slytherin, would Danny talk to him or Chin or Kono? Christ what about his dad, he would rather never go home than suffer the look of disappointment from his father that he had been made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagoll seemed to be taking forever to place the hat on his damn head he just needed to hear it to hear, “Gryffindor!” his shoulders sagged in relief. He got up from the stool and ran towards the table enveloping Chin in a hug and gaining a slap on the back from his long term family friend.  Danny was clapping along with the other Gryffindors, he could tell that was where Steve had belonged, where Steve would thrive. He just knew it. Danny was now left standing in a small crowd next to the short girl, Malia, that he had befriended both waiting for their names to be called. What seemed like a small eternity later Danny was stood with only Malia next to him waiting for her name to be called then his, “Malia Waincroft,” she smiled and squeezed Danny’s hand as she walked towards the stool turning to face the crowd and only looking at Danny as she sat down waiting for the house that she would be in to be called, “Ravenclaw,” was said the moment the hat had touched her hair. She hopped off the stool and walked towards the Ravenclaw table, Kono making space for Malia to sit next to her as she whispered in her ear. Now it was just Danny, feeling very exposed Danny turned to Steve and mouthed, “she doesn’t need to say my name surely,” and Steve smiled just as, “Daniel Williams,” was read and Danny glances over his shoulder at Steve mouthing, “really?” as he walked towards to the stool hearing a stifled laugh from the Gryffindor table. Danny planted himself on the stool not really worrying or thinking too much of what house he would be in. For once in his life he was almost 100% certain that he would be in Ravenclaw, his mother had been his sister was so why wouldn’t he, it just made sense that he would hear, “Slytherin!” as the hat grazed his head. Wait that’s not right. Danny was sure it hadn’t just said that but as he hoped off the stool and noticed the largest clapping coming from the Slytherin table he realised it must have just said that. He frantically tried to make eye contact with one of the four people he now knew but could only find Steve’s shocked face staring back at him, but before Danny could start self destructing and panicking that he’d lost the only four friends he’d ever had Steve had mouthed, “its okay,” and that calmed Danny, for now. Danny sat down at the Slytherin table knowing that nicety’s were about to commence, the hand shaking, the name exchanging but it didn’t get that far as Wo Fat leant forward and said, “welcoming to Slytherin- half blood,” he sneered saying to loud enough that every first year heard it as for a large amount of second years. Enough people had heard Wo Fats comment that by the end of the feast the whole of Slytherin knew Danny was a half blood. As the food slowly melted away and the headmaster made his what Danny could gather was his annual speech, the people sat around the tables started to move getting up and making their way towards the common room. Danny heard, “first year Slytherins follow me,” and whilst he longed to see if he still had the four friends he had started his day with Danny dragged his feet towards the group of Slytherin first years walking towards their common room. Danny made sure to memorise the route as he knew he would not be accompanied a vast majority of the time unless he found someone in Slytherin who would look past his bloodline but he found it doubtful. He also memorised the password willing himself to never forget it, “petrichor is the password, first year dormitory is the first door on the left hand side of the stair case, look for your names on the door, four to a room.” The perfect then left them standing inside the common room and Danny made a bee line for the dorms not wanting to hear any abuse tonight. He found his name on a door along with three names he did not know, Harrison Hunt, Mickey Flynn and Adam Noshimuri. Hopefully at least one of them would be nice. Or tolerable. He opened the door to find one other person inside it unpacking their trunk, “hey I’m Adam,” he said as he turned around to face Danny shaking his hand- maybe he hadn’t heard, “you must be Danny,” never mind. Danny smiled a fake smile, “that’s me, guess you heard then,” Adam laughed, “I heard but I’m not one to judge though,” Adam said the last part quietly, hoping that maybe Danny didn’t hear that. Danny drew his own inference but said nothing only happy that he had found an ally already. The other two boys came into the room talking to each other and briefly introduced themselves, shaking Adams hand and merely smiling at Danny’s outstretched one. Danny knew what that meant but he was kind of great full for the fact that there was no hostility present just an underlying thread of racism, they still spoke answering when Danny briefly joined in the conversation but Danny got the hint- don’t push it. And right now his talent for self preservation was kicking in. Danny knew he couldn’t be outspoken here, that he would have to pick his battles, just because he was in this house doesn’t mean he could only have friends from this house. Besides if that was the case then the list would have ended with Adam and right now he can’t even tell if Adams on the list. No, what Danny needed to do was get his schedule tomorrow and find the others- figure out if he still had a chance at friendship with them or if the next 7 years of his life were going to be as bleak as he was imagining them. The anxious panic that usually sits dormant in him was starting to wake now, instead of being the dull ache it had been for so many years Danny could feel the anxiety pooling into his bones and sitting in the pit of his stomach. He was in a house that was known for their hatred of anyone not pure blood and anyone who associated themselves with them. So far Danny had managed to outs himself as a half blood sticking up for a muggle born, it was a bit of a sticking one still. Fantastic, great, fabulous first day at Hogwarts.</p>
  </div>
  