
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p><strong>O</strong>nce long ago there was a city ruled by the most powerful kings in the world. The island City of Atlantis was ruled by the Most Ancient and Imperial House of Pendragon. Magic reigned through the land and all benefited from its power. Elves, Goblins, Wixen, and many other magical creatures lived in peace. After many centuries of peaceful rule the House of Pendragon became corrupted and so Magic took their power from them and kicked them out of the city. Because there was no ruler the rest of the magicals decided to move into the rest of the world of men. Magicals and nonmagicals lived in the same world among each other. The house of Pendragon was still strong and once again ruled in the world of Men. On the island of Britannia they ruled for many years trying to keep hold against men and magicals who tried to take control. It came to pass that one Pendragon was able to fight with magicals and took control. This man was Uther Pendragon who came far earlier than tales would say. Over 1000 years before Christ did Uther take control of Britain and Europe as well. Now Uther loved his people and wanted to use his power for good, but Magic did not find his heart pure or worthy enough to rule over magic and so twisted his heart by taking his wife when she gave birth to his son Arthur. Magic though knew what he would do to those with magic and so created a plan. Magic sent a prophecy which was held within the druids of the ones who would come. |Emrys will come and bring with him the Once and Future King. The eternal city will come again and peace will reign over magic again.| Uther never heard these words uttered and caused the largest magical massacre that would be seen in the world. The magical population of Britain and Europe was devastated. Uther lost much control over Europe after this and reigned with an iron fist in Britain. Magic was outlawed and no magical creature was allowed to live. The Goblin King took his people deep within the earth to hide from Uther’s wrath. The elves hid within magical forests in a dimension magic created for them. Magic then took the rest of the beings and hid them in small magical pockets until the prophecy could be fulfilled. In order to bring the prophecy to fruition Magic guided the love of the last Dragon-Lord and a lowly farm girl. They gave birth to a son who was born on the same day two years after Arthur. This was Emrys who was called Merlin. Magic communed with and gave the most power a warlock had ever had to Merlin. Merlin knew of his destiny and with the help of Magic changed the mind of Arthur about magic along with the Lady Morgana who Magic had chosen as its prophetess. Arthur on his ascension to the throne changed the laws to allow magic to reign once again in the land Camelot his capitol which became the magical successor of Atlantis. But Magic was not satisfied wholly and did not allow Atlantis to rise from the depths again. Magic was back but the hearts of men did not fully trust, nor did the magicals fully trust men and so Magic kept the true city hidden from the world still. Emrys did not understand why Magic still felt off and asked it why. The lady Morgana then delivered a prophecy which changed the course of history and created a new world order and differed from the Story of Arthur which came to be told. |In a time of war a dark one will be defeated by the next once and future king who will come in the power and blood of Pendragon and Emrys. He will unite the magical world and raise Atlantis. This will be the one born as the seventh month dies to those who defy the dark one thrice. The dark one will be the descendant of the betrayer who fractures the world and his final defeat will right magic once again.| Morgana and Merlin feared for this prophecy but knew that all would one day be righted so they hid the prophecy with the king of the Goblins to keep till the prophecy was fulfilled. They tried to give it to the elves but they did not want to be given into the potential that they might have to wait for the new king and closed the realm for what they thought would be the rest of time. Morgana and Merlin having fallen in love married and had children and Arthur instituted their family as the Royal and Majestic house of Emrys. Arthur had fallen in love with a witch named Ghwenavere and they had children together. These children disappeared into the world so as to keep Magic happy for they knew that none of them were chosen by Magic to be the sovereign successor. Merlin and Arthur seeing this appointed 30 families with the duty of keeping the magical world safe and ruling it until Magic chose a new monarch for the magical beings were not told of the prophecy. These Thirty included The Hearty House of Abbott, The Fearless House of Avery, The Noble House of Black, The Pleasant House of Bulstrode, The Envious House of Burke, The Indomitable House of Carrow, The Lawful House of Crouch, The Covetous House of Fawley, The Mighty House of Gryffindor, The Lofty House of Greengrass, The Loving House of Hufflepuff, The Sanctimonious House of Lestrange, The Unwavering House of Longbottom, The Loyal House of MacMillan, The Sincere House of Malfoy, The Cantankerous House of Nott, The Wise House of Ollivander, The Upright House of Parkinson, The Powerful House of Peverell, The Stoic House of Prewett, The Intelligent House of Ravenclaw, The Unyielding House of Rosier, The Just House of Selwyn, The Guarding House of Shacklebolt, The Mysterious House of Shafiq, The Dark House of Slytherin, The Innovative House of Slughorn, The Careful House of Travers, The Numerous House of Weasley, and The Courageous House of Yaxley. These Houses formed the Imperial Wizengamut which was to order the Wixen world. As time went on each House became an ancient and Noble house according to the laws created by Arthur before his passing. Almost 2,000 years went by and the Wizarding World had forgotten much of the history of their world and followed the tales of those without magic. These great Houses didn’t lose their sight for the most part and continued on. The rest of the wizarding world as they came to call themselves decided to follow themselves and split off from the rule of the Wizengamut. The power was waning and some of the Houses merged with others or went magically extinct. The 30 changed to 28 then 24. Then the Houses sensing their power was waning enacted with the International wizarding world the International Statute of Secrecy which hid magic from those who didn’t have it. Britain became isolated and the Houses hid their secrets. Thus came a time of destruction dark lords came and went but none who came to stop them were the prophesied one.</p>
  </div>
  