
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Chapter 1: Blood Line Revival</p><p>Harry sighed as he slipped into his seat on the<br/>
Gryffindor bench in the Great Hall. He had been so exhausted lately and he had no idea why, only that it was having a bad reaction for his magic, which was getting weaker by the day.<br/>
“Harry Potter, come up here please.” The Headmaster's voice booked across the Great Hall and Harry groaned under his breath before heaving his body off the bench. As he walked up towards the teacher's table his vision blurred and he heard a song, sweet and strong. But as he got to the table with Albus he pitched forward, the song roaring in his ears. His eyes slipped shut and he surrendered to the song, vaguely feeling his body being lifted higher and turned over.<br/>
Severus Snape was not an easily surprised man, but today that Potter brat managed to do so. Albus has noticed that Potter had been, less than healthy when he stepped into the Great Hall and had called for him to come forward. He watched as Potter heaved himself up under the worrying gazes of his house mates and slowly trudge up to the teachers. As the boy finally reached them they watched as the boy’s eyes roll up and pitch forward. As he fell multiple strands of magic in gold, ruby, emerald, and silver encased the boy. As they pulled him up to the ceiling they turned him so he was belly up and completely covered him. He watched as they formed a coffin like structure and then solidified before lowering back on to the ground. Albus quickly rounded the table with all the other teachers, including that abominable Umbridge. They looked inside the beautiful crystal coffin to see Harry in a much different outfit than his school robes. He was encased in a backless armor piece that had a sweetheart neckline and covered his front in a ruby like color with the edges traced in glittering gold, strapped around his waist was a shell skirt that parted right above the crotch and got so long in the back that they could see it pool in the bottom of the coffin. He was wearing ruby colored boots that had the toe and heels in gold with golden bands at the edge of the boots which rested mid thigh. The coffin itself was large and Harry’s body was close to the surface with ample amount in the back, it was mainly a cross between a gold and ruby in color and kept shifting in between the two colors, giving off the impression of a sunset. It had magic lines of red, gold, silver, and green streaking through it. It was completely see through and was placed at about a eighty degree angle so one could move behind it and see the back of the boy. It was only when they saw the boy breathing inside did the teachers calm down and step back. Severus himself stepped back to give Albus and Minerva room to inspect the coffin and he moved around to the back before doing something incredibly unlike himself, he gasped loudly and backed away with a hand over his mouth, his eyes never leaving the boy’s exposed back. This drew all the attention to him and Albus, Minerva, and the others moved to the back and there were several stifled screams.<br/>
There on the boy’s back were many words carved into the skin. Across his shoulders was 'Abomination', down the spine 'FREAK', wrapping around his ribs on the left we’re 'Slut' and 'Whore', on the opposite side of that 'worthless' and 'useless'. Severus rounded on Albus with venom in his eyes. He noticed Minerva had done the exact same as him.<br/>
“You swore he would be safe!” Minerva hissed out with all the furry of an enraged mother. “This is the opposite of that! Those evil muggles dared to touch this child like this, who knows what else has happened to him!” He voice was low and Severus could hear a quite familiar hiss that never quite left his nightmares.<br/>
“I assure you Minerva that I had no idea that this was happening.” He simply stated as he looked over the wounds. Severus himself found him quite left unsatisfied with this answer, but he knew he wasn’t the only one.<br/>
“Enough of this theater, we will just have to get the boy out and question him.” Umbridge simpered and it was definitely not the first time he had his fingers itch to grab his wand and hex her. He watched as she shooed everyone away from the coffin and drew her own wand. He raised an eyebrow as she sent a slicing hex at the coffin and it bounced back at her.  The coffin remained unscratched and Umbridge flat on the ground from having to dodge her own hex. Severus sighed and looked down at the woman with a sneer.<br/>
“You do realize that it is solid magic, and that any magic cast at it by a far weaker source would just be reflected?” He watched as she got up off the ground and huffed at him.<br/>
“We’re going to have to leave it here, as I fear any magic cast on it would be ill advised.” Albus finally said as he walked back to the table and took his seat. Finally the teachers stopped gawking at the coffin and sat back down, but everyone could see that they were heavily unnerved by not knowing what was to become of Harry Potter. Hermione and Ron came up to the coffin and simply looked on with misery in their expressions. When Neville came up the ground shook and Neville found himself passing out as magic of yellow and black surrounded him and sealed him in a similar coffin as Harry only this one was straight up and only had two lines of magic, yellow and black, running through it. Neville too was dressed different as the coffin had solidified. He wore a yellow metal corset like piece that had a thin black lining peeking out and the sweetheart neckline was lined with black fur, he also wore black leather shorts with yellow lacings on the sides, black leather braces on his arms and black hiker boots in leather with the yellow lacings.<br/>
“What in the world is going on?!” Professor Sprout exclaimed in bewilderment. “First Potter, now Longbottom, there must be a reason for this.” She huffed and a soft voice answered her.<br/>
“Hogwarts is reviving the blood lines of the founders.” Looking up they saw a woman with light blue robes that were decorated with snowflakes, long silver hair, and piercing aquamarine eyes.  “Hogwarts knows what is coming to her door step, so are you ready to concede Albus, or will you still hide your head in the sand and keep playing hero?” Her eyes were filled with contempt as she floated down from the rafters to the ground. “Well Albus?”</p>
  </div>
  