
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Severus was tired as boarded the Hogwarts train he was absolutely miserable, not only was this year the most miserable from the past years. He would alone with his father when he got home his mother died the winter that just passed and he didn't have any better options of where to go with out consequences. Lilly won’t even look at him, everyone hated or made fun of him and those bloody marauders tried to kill him. They were constantly on his case since first year for reasons as simple as where he is from  and the house he was sorted and wanted to be in. Which seemed stupid now since hIs own house either thought he was something on the bottom of their shoe for his blood status or wanted to use him to further their own goals, especially with the cusp of war that is about to happen. Closing his eyes Severus leaned his head attempting to get some undisturbed rest after avoiding the marauders, wandering what he going to do to survive. It seemed that was his whole life trying to survive in the worst scenarios one could face.<br/>
All to soon when the train reached the station Severus quickly got luggage and got off the train as he was looking around thinking about how he was going to get home. “ Well hello Severus.” turning around he saw Lucius Malfoy “ Hello Lucius what are you doing here.” “ I came to see Narcissa but never mind that Severus. I would like to discuss your talents I know who could be very interested in your talents. How would like to visit me sometime in my manor?</p>
<p>Lucius was someone  whom he used to considered as a friend when he first met him. He went out of his way to to be kind and look out Severus but as time went on he his action become more self-interested and about obtaining more power. He started being more cunning , cold and started to emulating his father Abraxas whom he used to loath. He even got engaged to Narcissa Black whom he had no interest in.</p>
<p>As he listened Lucius give sales pitch he knew what he was talking about after it was the same with Mulciber, Avery and the rest of them they only took interest in them because of their cause knowing its was all about he who must not be named honestly if felt like he was trapped and their no other choices for him he didn’t have money or any family that cared he was all alone with nothing to fight for, as tempting as Lucius offer was he was too tired to make a decision today with out thinking about the consequence of those actions. “ Thank you for the offer I may take you upon it later but right now I have to get home.” saying farewells to Lucius he also said his Farewell to Regulus who he had somewhat of a friendship with bonding over similar issues a problems they faced before his mother dragged him away.<br/>
Thinking of how he was going to get home he thought maybe he could with catch the bus when Evans family asked if he needed a ride which he gratefully accepted even though Lilly ignored the whole time. Another thing he mourned the destruction of their friendship was his fault though he had not meant it. He was hurt and humiliated and lashed out at her in an irrevocable way that she would not forgive him for. When his mother died suddenly out of the blue .Lilly didn’t reach out or even talk to him, that was when he knew that whatever relationship they had was gone. When they were little and Petunia and his father was mean to them and said they didn’t want a freaks like Lilly and Severus in their family. They both pricked their finger pushed together and made a promise to be each other's family no matter what. Seemed like a long time since the took that oath and ends up there are things that are able to break their bond.</p>
<p> After the awkward car ride with Evans Severus quickly got out and went inside his home noticing his father passed out drunk he quickly went upstairs to his room before he woke up. Locking his room Severus looked around his measly possession that barely value anything Severus walked to his bed and collapsed trying to get some sleep . Trying not think what would happen when Tobias woke up.</p>
  </div>
  