
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>It was quite at Grimmwald Place, Walburga and Orion Black left the manor for a few days to visit their relatives. They left Sirius and Regulus at home, wanting them to take care of the house. The brothers were in Sirius’ room, he was packing his suitcase while Regulus was watching him, sitting on the bed. Time passed by and no one said even a word until Sirius looked up at his brother. Their eyes were meeting in the middle. “You- you really want to leave?” Regulus finally asked. Siri just nodded. Reg didn’t want Sirius to leave. He didn’t want his brother to go away, his best friend, his everything... “To James?” He asked and Sirius nodded again, making sure he had everything he needed in his suitcase. Regulus looked down on the floor, his two feet touching each other nervously. Sirius looked up at his brother again. “Come with-“<br/>“No.” He interrupted him fast. He couldn’t leave, he was part of this family. He couldn’t leave and he’d already told this to Sirius so often. “Why?”<br/>“You already know the answer...” Regulus tried to be strong, to not show any emotions but Sirius could see the pain in his eyes. Reg didn’t really want to stay, he forced himself to do it. Sirius sat down on the bed next to him. “Regulus-“ he touched his hand. “No.”<br/>“Please...” Siri’s voice broke and suddenly tears started running down his cheeks and neck. He had always been the most emotional of both them. Their parents taught them that boys don’t cry. That was maybe the reason why Sirius cried often, because he enjoyed to do the exactly opposite of what his parents told him to do, even when he got punished for this. But Regulus always tried to do what they told him. He wanted to be a good soon, an heir of Black... but he knew that it stopped him so much from being free... he wanted to be free... but he could never... “Sirius I can’t!” He turned his head to Sirius, putting both of his hands on Sirius’ cheek. “Yes, yes you can! Just- just come with me! James wouldn’t mind!” James wasn’t Regulus’ problem, he wasn’t the thing which stopped him from running away. It was because he was one of the Blacks, because he belonged in here. “Why- why don’t you want to come with me? All you need to do is pack your things and run away! We don’t need to come back again! Never ever! All the punishments and all the pain... it will be all gone!” It sounded so beautiful to Regulus. ‘It will be all gone...’ But he just couldn’t. “They will search us!” He needed some arguments, he didn’t only not want to come with his brother, he wanted him to stay. “They won’t find us!” Sirius almost whispered, both them were already holding their voice low, the whole conversation long. “They won’t even try to find us!” Sirius knew, the last thing his family wanted was him. He was a disappointment, a Gryffindor... But Regulus... for sure he was the perfect son, he was loyal and politely to his family and always did everything they told him. He also did things wrong but he didn’t really got punished for it. Sirius saved him, let himself getting punished instead of his brother, he could’ve never watched that.<br/>“But I just can’t...” <br/>“Why not?” Sirius put his hands on Regulus’ which were still resting on Siri’s cheeks. “Because...” Regulus started crying as well, he broke down into his brother’s arms. “Please don’t leave, Sirius I need you!” Sirius hugged him tightly, rubbing his back. He would stay, he told Regulus that he would stay if he wants him to. But Reg’d always told him that he would be fine. The whole day long. ‘I just want you to be happy...’ ‘I’ll be fine...’ ‘It’s alright...’ ‘Just go...’ But Regulus needed Sirius. As much as Sirius needed Regulus. “Come with me instead... or I will kidnap you!” Sirius laughed a bit but his brother didn’t think that it was funny in any way. He was just crying into Sirius’ chest. He’d always felt so comfortable in these arms. “Regulus please! I beg you!” Sirius was crying again, he knew that this wouldn’t change anything, he could never convince Regulus to come with him. “I-I can’t-“ Regulus was sick of saying that. So sick. Everything he wanted was to leave but he couldn’t. He tried to remember what Sirius told him. ‘They’re not a real family, they use you, they don’t love you like they should!’ And what he told about James’ family. ‘They’re so nice and loving the worst punishment you can get there is being grounded!’ Being grounded? His brother and him were kinda grounded all summer long! It sounded so tempting, so inviting... And Sirius could be happy while staying with his brother. And James wouldn’t mind. Sirius was right. Regulus didn’t love his parents and they didn’t love him. They’d never say ‘I love you.’ They’d never huge him. They’d never cared at all. But Sirius did... There was still silence between the two brothers. Both of them still tearing but crying out loud. “I can’t...” Regulus sighed. “I can’t but... but I will...” It suddenly felt so much better.<br/> “What?”<br/>“I will go with you. Right now.” Regulus pulled away to look at Sirius. Sirius was confused but Regulus had already stood up. “Come on and help me.” He whipped away his tears. “We’re going to pack my things.” And there was suddenly a smile on both of their faces. The last time both of them smiled together was years ago. Regulus rarely smiled at all. But there it was, a tiny smile.</p>
  </div>
  