
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>I was sitting in Potions class not paying any attention to Professor Snape. Instead I was using my art skills and drawing him. "Miss y/l/n, what potion are we talking about?" I hesitated. "Exact-" Professor Snape started but I interrupted him. "Liquid Luck sir." He looked shock for the briefest of seconds and then went back to being emotionless. "Well, Miss y/l/n, that is correct but detention for failing to pay closer attention." I opened my mouth to argue but I knew that would be against my better interest. So I closed my mouth and nodded. "Yes sir," I whispered and bowed my head. When I looked up again his black eyes were clouded with something. Then the rest of the day passed by as I anxiously waited for my detention. At the end of Transfiguration class (my last one for the day) I went upstairs and saw y/f/n waiting for me with clothes folded over her arm. "What are you doing?" I asked her. "You have detention and seeing how you like Professor Snape, I thought I could help you grab his attention," y/f/n replied. Then she threw the clothes at me. It was a f/c tube top and jeans short shorts. "I cannot wear this he will give me detention for a month," I exclaimed. "Which is exactly what you want," y/f/n reminded you. I sighed. It was useless to try and talk sense into her so I changed, threw my Slytherin robe on and walked back to my first class. I knocked. "Enter," Professor Snape's cold voice said. So I opened the door and walked to his desk pulling the robe tighter around me. "Sir I am here for my detention," I said quietly, "What would you like me to do?" He glanced up. One look at my eyes and I looked down. "You will be scrubbing the desks, starting with mine...with no magic." So he got up and walked into a different room while I grabbed a brush and a bucket of soapy water. Then I started to scrub Snape's desk taking everything off and putting everything back once I was done. I got halfway around the room when I started to feel warm, even though the dungeons were cold. I looked to make sure he wasn't looking and I took off my emerald green robe. I placed it over a chair. I then continued to scrub the desks. "Shit," I heard the Professor mutter. I gasped and turned around. "Why in the bloody hell would you wear that to detention?" I looked down. "I'm sorry sir. It's just that my friend thought it was a good idea since I..." I trailed off. "Since you what?" "Never mind sir." "You are a natural submissive aren't you?" I shrugged. "You see Miss y/l/n, there is only one reason why I think you would wear that in a freezing cold dungeon and with only one male in the room...to grab the attention of that male. Correct? And if you lie to me you will have detention until Christmas break. I will read your mind if I have to." "Please don't sir. I will be honest. What you said was true...but it really was y/f/n's idea. Although I am the one who went along with it." I heard Professor Snape walking towards me and the swoosh of his cape. Soon he stopped right in front of me. "Now that you have my attention, what are you planning on doing with it?" "What do you mean sir?" "Look at me," he snapped. So I looked at him and I saw the same clouded look as before....I realized it was lust. "Tell me what you want," he said through gritted teeth. "You," I whispered.

I will do a smutty part 2 if you want! Please comment your requests and if you want a part 2.</p>
  </div>
  