
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Chapter 1</p><p>  It was a brilliantly sunny day, despite the nice day Draco couldn’t clear the storm inside his head. The trial was less than two months ago and he just couldn’t wrap his head around the idea of The Golden Boy testifying on his behalf. Why had Saint Potter told the Wizagmont that Draco, while not entirely innocent, had been merely a child forced to play his part in the war or be murdered by the dark lord. While what the golden boy had said was true Draco couldn’t understand why Potter had stuck his neck out for him. The weeks leading up to his trial were some of the worst of his life. While having the dark lord occupy the same house as you for two years could be terrifying there was nothing like the effect of a dementor every day for weeks on end. The dementors were supposed to be banished from Azkaban but the process of removing them was apparently more difficult than the ministry had expected. Every day he spent there he would hear the screams of those who had lost their minds to the effects of the dementors and tried his best not the let them affect him.</p><p>  When the guards had come to get him for his trial, he was a shell of the person he was before. Being in Azkaban had made him think about all his father had raised him to believe and in the bowels of Azkaban he had realized that his father had not only been misguided by his beliefs but flat out wrong. It was a hard realization to come to and took him a while to accept but he couldn’t look at the world the way his father did anymore. When he walked into the courtroom, he wished he could have had time with at least a mirror. His hair was lanky and dull and he knew by the way his robes hung off of him that he had lost more weight since the end of the war and he didn’t have a lot of weight on him then. When he had entered, he had tried to keep his head down but he had caught a glimpse of Potter and had to steel himself from doing a double take. He was sat in the chair in the center of the room and chains almost instantly encircled him. While he couldn’t remember what most people had said during the trial, he couldn’t forget what Potter had said, he had told the entire Wizagmont should consider him a minor forced to do the crimes he was standing trial for and to be let go. The Wizagmont took Potters testimony into consideration and let Draco off on probation requiring him to complete his last year at Hogwarts and be on house arrest until he left for Hogwarts on the first of September.</p><p>  A click made him look up and stop reliving the events of the last few months. He looked up to find Theo smiling shyly at him. He hadn’t seen Theo since before the battle of Hogwarts but he had received several letters from him while in Azkaban, one of his only friends that had bothered to after the war. He slid over to let Theo into the compartment. Theo had grown into his looks he wasn’t as lanky as he was during sixth year, he had grown about half a foot and filled out with much more muscle than he had then. He noticed Theo looking at him expectantly and he realized he must have said something. “What?” said Draco. “Well if you were listening to me you would have know I have found out something very interesting.” Theo said while giving Draco a sly smile. “Out with-it Nott I don’t want to spend the whole ride to Hogwarts with you basically jumping up and down in your seat trying to hold it back.” Draco said lamely. “Well I think you would be interested to know who else will be eighth years this year and I happen to know”, “well just say tell me then” Draco said starting to get irritated. “Hermione Granger, but that’s no shock there. I would be more shocked if she hadn’t come”, “Susan Bones, she’s a Hufflepuff” Theo clarified when Draco gave him a blank expression. “Neville Longbottom, Parvati Patil, Daphne Greengrass, Hannah Abbott, Ron Weasely though I expect he is just following Hermione, and Harry Potter” Draco’s head snapped to look at Theo like he had just sent a stinging hex to his heart. Of course, Saint Potter would come back. Couldn’t he just get a year away from Potter and all his glory. Theo had a smug smile on his face obviously having got the reaction he had wanted out of Draco. Draco glared at him and turned back to the window. This was going to be a long year of trying to avoid Potter and his merry gang. His probation just got a whole lot harder.</p>
  </div>
  