
  <div class="userstuff module" role="article">
    <h3 class="landmark heading" id="work">Chapter Text</h3>
    <p>Six years. That's so unreal. I'm on my way to begin my sixth year in Hogwarts. It feels like a lifetime and yet I remember my first day like it was yesterday. My heart full of hope and my eyes full of stars. I think of how excited I was to be with my friends for almost a whole year and I couldn't wait to experience everything my parents had told my about their time in Hogwarts.<br/>
My mother, daughter of two regular Muggles, was a Ravenclaw and so was my father. He comes from a long line of Ravenclaw alumni and had always told the tales of his proud ancestors. My eyes wander to the golden lion that's embroidered onto my vest. My father never quite got over his disappointment of me getting sorted into Gryffindor. He is proud of me and everything I do and he does love me dearly but even though he hides it well, it still stings and I know that his own inability to look past it hurts him even more. It might sound heartless but in a way I'm glad I'm not around him all the time. Bless my mother for her unproblematic heritage, because she never saw a need for me to fit any sort of box. I smile softly. Thoughts of my mother always make me happy. It's not that common for a sixteen year old girl to be so close to their mother but she has always been my best friend and I can count on her no matter what.<br/>
“Saoirse Charlotte O'Shea!“ A sharp voice cuts through my train of thought. Alicia Spinnet, my best friend, snips her fingers in front of my nose to get my attention. “Katie asked you a question. Were you even listening?” A quick look to the side confirms that Katie and Angelina are also staring at me expectantly. I bite my lip and murmur a quick apology.<br/>
“Merlin's beard, Saoirse, spacing out again? You really are a Ravenclaw in disguise sometimes!” Alicia blabbers on. “Angie told us, that Fred told her that the Triwizard Tournament will take place again and in Hogwarts of all places. Isn't that so exciting?” I raise my eyebrow. “Wasn't that, like, discontinued after a bunch of people died and the judges panel was attacked in 1792?” “First of all, that was over 200 years ago, they won't just let people die in our day and age and second of all, aren't you the least bit excited? There'll be exchange students from France and Bulgaria, exciting tasks aaand if Katie remembered correctly a ball shortly before we head off for Winter break. Just imagine! Dancing the night away with a hunky Durmstrang boy or a charming lad from Beauxbaton. Us wearing pretty dresses and maybe sneaking in some Firewhisky...” Alicia has that sparkle in her eyes, that she always gets whenever she was very passionate about something. It might sound silly but she has that energy about her that just sucks everyone in and makes them excited as well. “So who do you think will be Hogwarts' Champion?,” asks Katie now that I was caught up on what they've been talking about. “Well, it's gonna be Harry anyway, so why do we even need to discuss?” Angelina sounds a bit agitated as if she feels overlooked. “Isn't he a bit too young, though?,” I try to lighten her mood. “Well Binns mentioned, that there was never an age restriction in the tournaments in the past, so who knows,” Katie elaborates. “Merlin's bum, Katie, you really are the only person in existence that pays attention in History of Magic... and yous two are boring too!,” Alicia raises an accusatory finger towards Angelina and me . “I try to paint the picture of the perfect night we'll have and all you think about is Potter? Ange, if you want to be the Champion, just apply, no big deal. Saoirse, I love you, but you're in desperate need of some fun. Same goes for you, Katie. We'll go dress shopping the first chance we'll get and then we'll go on the hunt to get you girls some action!” There's a moment of silence before Angelina, Katie and I burst out laughing. Alicia giggles “I hate how much I enjoy mothering you...”<br/>
The rest of the train ride goes over well. A welcome change from last year, I still shiver whenever I think of the dementors that surrounded the train and later Hogwarts. Instead we focus on happier themes. If we should all wear the same colour or buy matching bracelets to get recognized as the fierce quartet that we were. If we'd all ditch our dates if one of us wouldn't be asked out. How far we would go with a guy and so on and so forth. Looking back now, I'd describe this train ride as the calm before the storm hit.</p><p>“The audacity!” Angelina has stormed out of the great hall. Alicia and I struggld to keep up with her. “They can’t just cancel Quidditch like that? This is going to be the worst year of my life!!” she stops in front of the grand staircase, contemplating if this situation was worth skipping dinner over. “We'll get through it,” says Alicia, now that we'd finally caught up to Angelina. “We'll book the training court every chance we get. The team will still practice and next year we'll be better than ever.” “Alicia's right, this is just a minor setback. You'll figure it out like you always do.” I give my friend's arm a reassuring pat. “You don't get it,” Angelina's eyes start to water. “This was supposed to be my first year as captain. We've just won the cup last season and I was so ready to prove that I could do just as well as Wood. I worked so hard over the summer to be at my very best and for what? Now I can't even hold try-outs for a new Keeper and reserves. It's just... it's so unfair.” Frustrated she wipes a tear off her cheek. Stepping forward I wrap her into a tight hug. She's right. This has to feel like a kick in the gut for her and nothing we would say could make this any better right now. Alicia seems to understand that as well and she resorted to stroking Angie's back to calm her down.<br/>
“Girls, it is fairly rude to leave the Start-of-Term-feast without any further notice or justification. I expect better of you than this, especially you Miss Jo-,” Head of House Gryffindor and Deputy Headmistress, Professor Minerva McGonagall has made her way outside the hall and straight towards us, ready to lecture and punish bad behaviour as always. “Miss Johnson?,” her strict tone drops as soon as she sees how ruffled we were. Assertive yet gentle, Angelina frees herself from our group-hug. She wipes the remaining tears away and faces McGonagall. “Professor, I am very sorry. This was uncalled for and there's no one to blame but myself for blowing things out of proportions, if there's a punishment, please notice that my friends were merely looking out for me because I was acting out-of-order.” I'm ready to jump in and share the blame, but Alicia, who just knows me too damn well by now, has already grabbed my wrist and was shooting me a stern glare. I tend to be impulsive with my decisions and deep down I know that this is Angelina's battle to fight. McGonagall's eyes wander from her to us and back again. “Get back in there and before I can think of any disciplinary actions.” Us girls look at each other, unsure of what to do. The Professor sighs. “It's the first day, you had a lot of information to take in all at once and I am not in the mood for arguments tonight. Don't let me regret this.” She turns on her heel to head back to the great hall. Alicia, Angelina and I follow gingerly behind her, hoping that we didn't cause too much of a stir for everyone to stare at us once we got back to our seats.<br/>
McGonagall strides back to the teacher's table without a care in the world. The feast has already started without us so thankfully most of the students are too busy chugging down their food to notice our return. But not Fred and George Weasley. No. They jump up as soon as they see us and start to melodramatically applaud. “Brava!,” yells Fred in a snobby accent. “An award worthy dramatic exit, m’ladies!,” George adds. However, as soon as Fred notices Angelina’s sour mood he pulls his brother back into their seats. They have the decency to not ask us what had happened. While we all struggle to really find an appetite to enjoy the feast, I repeatedly feel a certain someone’s gaze on me. But something holds me back from turning around to peek back into those chocolate-brown eyes. Our time will come soon enough. </p>
  </div>
  